13 ContributorsI’m Gangsta (Grindin’ Freestyle) Lyrics
Hey, take a real good look at the boy
And tell me if you see just as much gangster as I feel, Y'know?
Cause that there is all I can be man
That there is just me man
W-E-E-Z-Y
WE! Hey!

Wayne deep in the grova, out comes the small soldier
Alcohol and douja, bother my composure
Oh lord, am I supposed to be this way?
Do I live no good? This may be wrong but it feel so good
Far from home, I still feel so hood
I got the set on my belly
That shit gon' be there till a nigga get buried
I ain't scary, bring it, I'm ready
I be on them Antera's to the cranberry
Handle the whip like Andretti
And I handle a bitch like my man Nelly
My nick(?) gotta go down down baby... till I uh oh, y'know!
I move a rainbow lambo on mo-mo's
As far as dough go, I'm up like no-do's
Bet I never sweats no ho
I don't get no type of threats from no foe's
I don't threat the po-po's cause I don't respect the po-po's
Many say that I possess a dope flow, and I accept
Cause when I'm being Weezy I'm at my best
You might also like
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know

I ball hard like a small guard
The small boy sliding out a large toy
Me fall off? Naw boy, I'm a stand through it
The flow deserving ovation so clap your hands to it
The flow is real so A-man to it, jam to it
..been a minute since Block is Hot, this is man music
..had opinions for Block is Hot but this is grand music
..hand, blew it because the bands who damn igloo it
..and I ram the damn dick to your people's people/
Get mo' booty than Benzino's single, from bi-sexual to bi-lingual
After I sex you up it's "bye skeezer"
And I see you later baby, I'm a player
The chrome wide, fee on the five g/
I sit deep wit my heat 'case shit gets steep
Weezy a dirty south boy, I eat pig feet
I'm just me.. foreal, I'm just me
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know

And nah I'll pro'lly never kill nobody, but I've pointed my pistol
And those of you who I pointed it at, I'll still kill ya
I'm still familiar wit the hustle
I could go dope, weed or coke, bet I'll never see broke
And I know to never say never but whatever, I never felt better than now
I'm 19, I'm a veteran now
When I.. step out my house I need weaponry now
Fuck around and I bet it be bloaw, YEAH!
And they.. wondering how I get so rich as a child
Remember, I was before Romeo and Bow Wow/
Shit, I had O's way befo' Romeo or Bow Wow
But no disrespect my daughter crazy bout 'em
And.. notice how you notice nothing's fake about me
There's something great about me
And I'm still young so there's plenty more to break about me
And people brace yourselves, place yourselves in these 7 and a halves
You don't know the half, and tell me who can walk my path
Not a soul
Your boy live his life on the edge.. Geronimo
..the endge, Geronimo!/
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know
And even if I wanted to I can't change... I'm gangsta!
Just as sure as my name is D'wayne
I say I'm gangsta.. y'know

I can't change, I'm a gangsta!
This is me people, you can either, love me or hate me
But no matter what I'm a always be me man!
W-E-E-Z-Y, WE!
That be me
There's only one word for me
Gangsta!Embed

