34 ContributorsI Told Y’all Lyrics
Told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all (Hahahahaha!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Young Money!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Young Money!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
T—Told y’all, I tote a tool (Young Mula, baby)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh, I usually don't do this!)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
T—Told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
But we gon' keep the party going!

I—I—I—I—I—I wake a nigga up in his bed when he sleep
Tie the nigga up from his head to his feet
Then I light the nigga up from his head to his feet
Put his body in the water and his head on the beach
Light another blunt 'cause it save me the grief
I don't give a fuck, I was made for the beef
I don't give a fuck, I'm straight from the streets
But I'm crooked as a bitch, bitch, wave to the thief
Lie to the bad guy, "Hi" to the good dope
Ride with the bad guy, try and you get smoked
Lie and you get smoked, lie for a nigga, though
Try for a nigga, though, die for a nigga, though
Why would a nigga go to New Orleans?
This is Katrinaland
The President flew over, and he ain't even land
We ain't even mad, we ain't even playing
It's duct-tape season in my region
And you ain't leaving until we eating
And I want my piece and I want my peeps to get their piece
And they want their peeps to get their piece
And until then, tell you peeps, "No peace"
I'm a beast and I feast every beat I seek
And I freak every mix CD I leak
I need to be at the T-O-P O-F H-I-P-H-O-P
And I'm I-N D-A C-U-T W-I-T-H them Uzis
Who, me? Yes, me, call me Weezy West, B
'Cause I'm wilder than the motherfucking Wild West be
I'm so ready—are you ready for me?
I'm Young Money, Young Mula, baby
Break in a nigga car at the light
Put the gun to his head, make him park on the right, and
Then I tell him, "Don't talk," make him get out and walk
And then, I tell my goons, "Get right in"
When you fucking with a nigga like me
No homo, but you're fucking with a rider
But they no heard me, when I tried to...
You might also like
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Ugh!)

Fuck another motherfucker and them other motherfuckers
'Cause can't no motherfucker fuck with a nigga
If you fuck with Lil' Tune
I’ma let my goons just follow your ass like Twitter, nigga
We can do what you want, I don't care
Anyhow, anywhere, anytime, I swear
At sun-up on a nigga, I will run up on a nigga
Put the gun up on a nigga; now, I'm one-up on a nigga
Yeah, I will run the clock behind the guap
And if my leg broke, I will hop; bitch, I will hustle 'til I drop
Bitch, I will throw you from the top of the world
I got myself a Boston girl
She my gypsy, I'm her genie, ride my magic carpet, girl
Flow so sick, you cough and hurl, I'm so twisted, I walk in swirls
I'm so lifted, I walk on clouds
Please, please, please, don't shoot me down
Fucking right, I put it down, buy it white, then cook it brown
This is how "great-looking" sound; K.Y. bring the hook around
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Ugh!)

Hollygrove U.S.A., parlez-vous Français?
Hot as picante, I am a zombie
What more can I say? 'Cause after all, I...
Told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all
I told y'all, I tote it
Put the bullet in the Glock and blow that bitch
If you know like I know, you'd put money way before that bitch
Everyone got they hand out
So I drop my drawers, let them hold that dick
I’ma roll that stick, and I’ma roll it thick
And I know I'm colder when it's cold as brick
And I ain't that old, I'm just twenty-six
All in your mouth like I'm a dentist, bitch
Fuck you and your interests, bitch
We on some shoot-the-interest shit
Better find the exit boy, my Nina is so sexy boy
And she feeling desperate boy, don’t make her molest you, boy
Pressure, pressure, boy; what would make you test the boy?
I'm great with no effort, boy, your face will get severed, boy
I'm breaking your level, boy, I'm taking your medal, boy
Weezy F. Baby and the "F" is for forever, boy!6Embed

