10 ContributorsI’ma Stunt Lyrics
We the best! (Yeah)
Who? We! We the best! (Uh-huh)
Its alot of money on this track (Yeah)
So much money, we can't even count it
We gotta weigh it
See, what we about to do is (Yeah)
What's that, Wayne? (Yeah)
Exactly (Yeah)
Listen! (What they can't do!)
True that!

I'm killin' these niggas, killin' these hoes
Represent the O, just in case you ain't know
Stacks in my Levi's, only fly G5
Live on a island, yeah, that's seaside
Mo-hawk cuz these hoes love it, stuntin' is a must round here
YM CM, damn right this our year
See, I'm ready for whatever, prepared for the worse
Your career is dead, shit, put it in a hearse
Still get 70K for a verse
Eyes so low cuz I smoke that purp
And I'm all grown up
Hoes wanna holla at a nigga cuz they saw me in a couple of flicks
They know that my stock is risin'
Snoop told me never love a bitch, I don't trust a bitch
Snapbacks, we off that
Phantom Ghost, yeah, I bought that
Doors open like roofs, initials in the flo' mats
You might also like
I'm a young nigga with money
Every time I throw the dick, got a shorty get to runnin'
And when I'm ready to drop, know I'm doin' numbers
I'm stuntin' like it's gon' be one hot summer (Ah!)

Hey, I'm a young nigga with money
And what you gon' tell a young nigga with some money?
Hey, you, young nigga with money (That's me)
What you gon' do with all that money?
I'ma stunt when I want to, I'ma stunt when I have to
I'ma stunt what I need to, I'ma stunt when I see you
I'ma stunt when I see you, I'ma stunt when I see you
Every time I see you, I'ma stunt when I see you

Weezy F. Baby, these hoes know me
Young meal ticket, watch me kick it like Shinobi
Flip it like aerobics, my flow is so heroic
My girl got a fat ass and I catch it when she throw it
I'll wet you in the mornin', burn ya in the evenin'
Dump ya at night and that duffle bag life
Like my shades hella dark and my red flag bright
Got ya bitch blowin' me, like she playin' bag pipe
Yep, I lay that pipe, I'm the plumber to ya women
I'm the flame on the stove, in the desert in the summer
I'ma stunna so, I'm gonna stunt on you bitches
Big tow trucks sittin' on chrome inches
My account look like phone digits
Don't play in that water cause today I'm goin' fishin'
You don't get it, that's why I punch that 4:30
Till got it up on inches (Too late)
And I'm a young nigga with money
Now what you gon' tell a young nigga with money?
Hey, you, nigga with money (Yeah)
What you gon do with all that money?
Well, I'ma stunt when I want to, I'ma stunt when I have to
I'ma stunt what I need to, I'ma stunt when I see you
I'ma stunt when I see you, I'ma stunt when I see you
Every time I see you, I'm a stunt all on you

If your watch ain't cost a hundred, if you ain't ridin' 28′s
You ain't stuntin' like this (No!), said you ain't stuntin' like this (No!)
If your crib didn't come with the butlers and the maids
You ain't stuntin' like this (No!), said you ain't stuntin' like this (No!)
And if you ask for the price, when you shop at the mall
You ain't stuntin' like this (No!), said you ain't stuntin' like this (No!)
And if you don't make it rain when you up in the club
You ain't stuntin' like this (No!), said you ain't stuntin' like this (No!)

Hey, I'm a young nigga with money
And what you gon' tell a young nigga with some money?
Hey, you, young nigga with money (That's me)
What you gon' do with all that money? (Shiiit)
I'ma stunt when I want to, I'ma stunt when I have to
I'ma stunt what I need to, I'ma stunt when I see you
I'ma stunt when I see you, I'ma stunt when I see you
Every time I see you, I'ma stunt when I see you
The feet big on the whip like Jurassic Park
The car tall, to get in you need a running start
And I been gettin' dough since a running nose
Kush my cologne, you can smell it on my clothes
You know me, I'm at the bar with a broad
With arm full of tattoos and a neck full of cars
Hand full of money, what up, Young Money?
Who the baddest bitch in the club, I'm going huntin'
I'm from College Park, it's the home of the Minaj
If you are fine and like money, then you are my target
Where my fuckin' boys and my duffle bag swingin'
The way I reach notes man, I ought to be singin'
My Audemar blingin', in the Audemar leanin'
The model ain't out yet, for all the more reason
4+4, now we're even
2 Chainz doin' his thang at the Four Seasons

Now I'm a young nigga with money
And what you gon' tell a young nigga with money?
Hey, you, young nigga with money
What you gon' do with all that money?
Well, I'ma stunt when I want to, stunt when I have to
Stunt what I need to, stunt when I see you
Stunt all on you, stunt all on you
Every time I see you, I'ma stunt all on you

Say man
Niggas gotta get your weight up in here
You better eat some Wheaties around here, nigga
For realEmbed

