20 ContributorsNew Orleans Maniac Lyrics
This is the archetypal rock sound
Ok this really ain't no rock shit
But um, leggo!

Hollygrove monster, New Orleans maniac
Shoot a nigga up until his whole body ain't attached
Hi, my name is best rapper alive
And your mouth is the best crapper alive
'Cause you talk shit, I get hit and walk it off
Like fuck that, then I just spit like barking dogs
Call it "bust-back," attitude like "fuck em all"
And I'm greasy, and your boyfriend is a butterball
What's geezy? I mean what's good? Bitch, is you blind?
Check my watch, bet it be money all the time
Sunny on the side where I stay at
Where M.I.A. at? I get pussy every time I say that
Haha! In the game room, I don't play that
Bitch nigga get laid down where he lay at
AK at your front door, Young Zoe
You can ask Brisco, shoot 'til my wrist sore
Coupe with a bitch low, who with the sick pour
I'm tired of the south, so in your mouth is where the dick go
Yeahhh! They like it when I say yeah, huh?
And your boyfriend's a tampon
And I don't own land, baby, I own a landmine
So step on my land and catch a bomb like Anquan
Weezy F and the 'F' is for franchise
You looking at me is like you're looking through ant eyes
Hahaha! Young Money can't die
Bitch, we like Hancock
Yeah, I'm a Martian; what you saying, Spock?
I turn your beef into a hamhock
Then I put it in a pan pot, shoot 'til my hand hot
I can't hear you saying stop, I hear nina saying "pop"
I hear choppers saying "chop"
I hear niggas screaming and shit, like I say "holla at ya boy, bitch"
But holla at ya boy bitch
I'm the boy bitch, not ya boy bitch, 'cause ya boy a bitch
Hahahaha! Young Moola Crazy!
You might also like
Eastside Loco, you're sweet like cocoa
And you can get your ass beat fast like go-go
Mask on my face, low pro that a no show
Shoot a rapper when his album drop give 'em promo
You clown like bozo, they ask him bout the group shit
It's time to get the loot, bitch; I had to go solo
Your bitch all on me, you better watch your ho, though
She wanna come kick it like a dojo, uh-oh
Slick nigga, fuck 'em, then I drop 'em like a low-low
Bitch want money; like Millz: "No, no-no"
Nigga, if you hating, suck a dick; no homo
Boy I keep it gutter like bo-bos
Yeah I'm doing what I do, so nigga, just do you
And my gun nicknamed menage; she do two
Nigga, welcome to the Young Money Ape Zoo Crew
We starving and you could get ate like zoo-zoos
Niggas boo-hoo, cry; motherfucker, I'm heartless
I'll break bones and cartilage
You are just a mark muthafucker; I'm a marksman
And I'm all about the green like Boston
Pardon me, nigga, I'm talking reckless
You walk into a gun fight, knife, no vest, bitch you crazy
Just like the ice you wearing, you fugazi
Put 'em in the dirt; make 'em push a few daisies
80's baby, soon-to-be rich nigga
King Kong beating on my chest, on you bitch niggas
Paper I'm after, so I'm on your ass now
Young Money: motherfucking cash cow
GUDDA!8Embed

