55 ContributorsYes Lyrics
You can catch me ridin' down on the fuckin' Verrazano
Ass out just like Diallo, Diablo
Hi-Ho Silver, call that motherfucker "Tonto"
Leave a smoke trail back in Jersey in my condo
You can run up like you're Rambo
But you better hit me, nigga, if you know what I know
'Cause I got some super-size guys that'll hit you with a combo
Pronto, you won't see the morning, like Alonzo (Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)

Camo shorts, no socks, with the red Bapes
Walk into my closet, fuck around and get a headache
Fuck you so good, shawty, you gonna need a bed break
Red Viper slither through the streets like a red snake
Red diamonds in my chain looking like a red snake
Fuck with me wrong, man, you gon' need some yellow tape
All them awards, Wayne—do you need a medal case?

(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Hahaha, ugh

You got that mean-mug grill, that red in your eyes
That Ace of Spades, baby, talking big-boy size
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh
They say, "Man, it's like that?"
Say, "Yes nigga, yes nigga, yes"
Your money and your girls, chilling in the VIP
Stop for a second, and gyrate them hips
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh
If they say, "Man, it's like that?" (Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Say "Yes, nigga, yes, nigga, yes"
You might also like
Yes, I make money, I'm a paper machine
And you can catch me in the newest, not the latest machine
"Now, Weezy, why you drive so fast?" Because I'm chasin' a dream
And when I catch that motherfucker, I'ma rape it and leave
Yeah, it's Young Tunechi, now give me some pussy
I ain't gotta paper-chase, 'cause my paper come to me
I know money look good, bitch, I knew that why you looking, huh?

(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Hehe! Errr!

Riding by myself in that all-red Enzo
Smoke make it look like I got tinted windows
Young Money, bitch, but for short, it's YM, ho
Love that shit so much, I went and iced out the symbol
All my niggas scaring you, all your niggas scarier
Scarier than a cat in a cage with a terrier
Pet cemetery—Wayne, are you the veterinarian?

(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
What? Hahaha
You got that mean-mug grill, that red in your eyes
That Ace of Spades baby, talkin' big-boy size
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh
They say, "Man, it's like that?" Say "Yes, nigga, yes, nigga, yes"
Your money and your girls, chillin' in the VIP
Stop for a second and gyrate them hips
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh
If they say, "Man it's like that?" (Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Say "Yes nigga, yes nigga, yes"

Yes, I do it big, call me "Little Astronomical"
Weezy F. Baby, and the "F." is for "phenomenal"
Type of nigga go and get his hood 'cross his abdominal
You could check my watch—I been rich a long time ago
I'm so tired of balling, man, I sleep all night
Bedsheets so nice, bedbugs don't bite
I ask her, "Do she wanna fuck?" Before I ask twice, she say—

(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Hahahahaha, ugh

Yes, I am a beast, I swear, I needs to be tranquilized
Yes, I am a giant—next to me, you are just ankle-high
Yes, I eat that pussy—oh, how do I love that panty pie
Keep my hair shampooed, and yes, I keep my hands sanitized
New Orleans baller—ask ESPN
Just kickin' it with a Bruce Lee-esbian
"Do you really think you're better than the rest?"
(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Haha, ugh, bitch, I'm the best

You got that mean-mug grill, that red in your eyes (Yeah)
That Ace of Spades baby, talking big-boy size (Yeah)
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh
They say, "Man, it's like that?" (That)
Say "Yes, nigga, yes nigga, yes" (Yes)
Your money and your girls, chillin' in the VIP (Yes, yes)
Stop for a second and gyrate them hips (Ye-e-eah)
Get a stack in each hand, and hold it like you're fresh (Hold it like)
If they say, "Man, it's like that?" (Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Say "Yes nigga, yes nigga, yes" (Yes)

Yes, yes, ye-e-eah, ye-e-eah (Haha, uhh)
Young Mula, baby
And like I said it that time, I'ma say it again, um
Young Mula, baby7Embed

