62 ContributorsOh Let’s Do It Lyrics
Ooh, L-Don
Fuck that interface, dawg, go to work, yeah
Picante in this bitch with me
Fuq', hit the weed
You got all that shit? Yeah, ugh, ugh

I got Young Money up, and now, I got my feet up
Tune in this bitch, tell my niggas throw them Bs up
Doing what the fuck I want, hate me all the fuck you want
Real niggas fuck with me, and I don't give a fuck who don't
Lock the CEO up; and I'm the CEO, fuck
Prison in February, and I ain't in no rush
Drink 'til I throw up; nigga, roll more blunts
Ball so hard, man, I gotta go pro once
Hit 'em with the shotgun, call that shit the "stop button"
Call me Dr. Carter, AKA "Young Wild Nigga"
AKA "No trial, nigga," AK, click-clack, pow, nigga
Fucking with the kid and you'll be missing like Bilal, nigga
Yeah! Haha! Swagger stupid, pack a Uzi
Hundred clips, nigga? That's a movie — Aim at your toupée
You sweet as Kool-Aid, cream brulée
I'm sharp as Blu-Ray, I fuck her today
Then she gotta skate — Young Lupe
I hit the beat hard — Bobby Boucher
I keep them tools on me, get the screwface
Flowers for the dead, here's a bouquet
L.V.'s, nigga, on every suitcase
Y.M., nigga, it's a new day
We the champions, nigga, hoo-ray
Yeah! Hammer in the Louis duff'
Take a nigga bitch, she gave me brains until I knew enough
Bullet come too fast to adjust
I don't give a fuck about my roof that much
So I put it in the trunk and then the coupe sped up
Take the chopper out the trunk and just shoot that up
I'm Weezy F., and the "F" is for "Flame"
Eat these rappers, chef of the game
Shit on the track, shit on the train
Murder the beat—the beat was slain
Rest In Peace; that's a shame, he kill anybody song
Versatile as fuck, I switch it up like Dennis Rodman dome
No homo, you rocking wrong; Rest In Peace, my styrofoam
Now they wanna know what I be on
Get the fuck off my dick, my cock, my bone
B—Big money, my pockets long; New Orleans, I got my home
And they got my back—pause; no homo, no maricón
Smoking on that private-grown, it put me where I belong
All about my cheese; cheddar, mozzarella, provolone
Fuck her for an hour-long, let her take a shower, gone
Sorry baby, but I'm in my I-don't-wan'-be-bothered zone
Yeah! Haha, you're a groupie, get on your duty
Two women give me head, call that "Two-face"
Bitch, I'm too great, take your food tray, I was born on doomsday
Ugh! Ai—Ain't no nigga like me
"What's up?" to my gang, big Bs, like a Breitling
Take a nigga bitch, she ride my dick, like she cycling
Then, she can't walk, run, or jump; like white men
Ugh! F—Fuck you niggas wanna do?
No Ceilings, let the bullets rain on you
Weezy F., the "F" is for "Fuck what you’re going through"
Make your people mourn you
You might also like
Haha! OK, let's do it13Embed

