39 ContributorsShit Stains Lyrics
David Banner
David Banner
David— David— David— David Banner
Tunechih, ugh

Walked in the bank like my shit don't stink (Ugh)
Bitch I'm from New Orleans, everybody ain't saints (Ugh)
Pockets never empty, Weezy F., full tank (Yeah)
Try to check me and I'ma leave that check blank (One)
Tongue-kiss that pussy, make that woman have convulsions
I'm in this bitch throwin' up Blood, like a ulcer (Suu whoop)
Real nigga like a motherfuckin' slave (Yeah)
I R-I-P these niggas, like a page
Umm, hello, how you doin', sir?
Dr. Carter, M.D., that's mur-der (Whoa)
Bitches ain't shit (Nope), and niggas ain't neither
Bad bitches, I get at you like "sinus" (God bless you)
These niggas is fake like a bosom (Yup)
And everybody's on edge 'til you push 'em
Haha, but the pleasure's all mine
'Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time
Tunechi!

And I don't know how fake feel, nigga
'Cause all my life, I been a real nigga
All my life, I been a real nigga
Don't fuck up my night, I'm like:
"What's poppin'? What's your friend name?
What y'all drinkin' on? Come get a oil change"
I brung my AK, I'm on my "A" game
Bitch, I'm a a-hole, leavin' shit stains, ho! (Haha!)
You might also like
I'm a asshole (Yup), but I don't give a shit (Nope)
Like a hard dick, I'm in this bitch (Ugh)
I'm sharp, I'm cold: icepick (Ugh)
Top off the Maybach: nice tits (Whoa)
I'm from Hollygrove (Yeah), I used to hang with 'El ('El)
I make them bitches (*gasp*), they waitin' to exhale (Yeah)
I'm on some gangsta shit (Yeah), knock your head off (Yeah)
Bark up my tree, that's a dead dog (Ugh)
Where them hoes at? ("Right there")
Tell 'em I say, "What's up?" (What's up?)
I like a shaved pussy, no razor bumps (Okay)
I got that paper, bitch—come get a paper cut
Don't gamble in that pussy—not even lady Luck's (Amen)
I make 'em straighten up and fly right (Ugh)
When life hands you lemons, find the limelight (Haha)
Yeah, and the pleasure's all mine
'Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time
Tunechi!

And I don't know how fake feel, nigga (Nigga)
'Cause all my life, I been a real nigga (Real nigga)
Yeah, all my life, I been a real nigga
Don't fuck up my night, I'm like:
"What's poppin'? What's your friend name?" (Ugh)
"What y'all drinkin' on?" (Ugh) "Come get a oil change"
I brung my AK (Bow!), I'm on my "A" game
Bitch I'm a a-hole, leavin' shit stains, ho!
Ah-ah-ahem!

Ugh, I like my alcohol straight, bitch
I can't stop stuntin', I need my brakes fixed
Yeah, I'm on that shit like a fucking maggot
On the road to riches; you niggas stuck in traffic
Stomp a nigga out, keep the party going
Kick them hoes out if them hoes annoying
But if they friends bad, then them hoes could join
I'm 'bout to shoot a porn; I'm castin': broken arm
Got money on my mind, pussy on my agenda
I beat that pink pussy magenta, fuck bein' gentle
Man, I'm hard; these niggas is simple, gun to your temple
I smoke 'til I look Oriental, high as a window
And I broke these niggas like pencils
Unaccidental—bitch, I meant to
Dick in her dimples; lick it, I tremble
I swear, this shit is mental, fuck it, my rent due
I school your ass and suspend you, you bitch, you!
It's Tunechi!

And I don't know how fake feel, nigga
'Cause all my life I been a real nigga (Real nigga)
Yeah, all my life I've been a real nigga (Real nigga)
Don't fuck up my night, I'm like:
"What's poppin'?" (What's poppin'?)
"What's your friend name?" (What's happenin'?)
"What y'all drinkin' on?" (What's poppin'?)
"Come get a oil change" (What's happenin'?)
I brung my AK (Bah!) I'm on my "A" game (Bah!)
Bitch, I'm a a-hole (Bah!), leavin' shit stains (Bah!), ho!
Bah!
Haha!
Young Mula, baby!6Embed

