58 Contributors30 Minutes to New Orleans Lyrics
Ok, Gucci backpack, fresh black Adidas
I'm rollin' on a pill, rollin' up some reefers
Declining all the Keishas, replying to the Kims
Still knockin' boots like hammers on tims
I'm a mothafucker baby, Weezy F. Baby
Yeah I get it wet and I keep it wet baby
I can make a dyke say she leaving that lady
I can make a lady say she leaving that pussy ass nigga
That gave her that baby, now she with
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F. Baby
Hahaha, Weezy F. Baby, hahaha, yeah
Whatcha gon', whatcha gon', whatcha gon' do?
When Nina Ross come and put the pussy on you
You probably still a virgin, I'mma bust your little cherry
And I'mma come through in something so cherry
And I'm sittin' on Pirellis, bumpin' Makaveli
Showed your girlfriend my house she think I live in Italy
Just bought a jet I'm 'bout to take that bitch to L.A
Bitch I never met I'm 'bout to meet that bitch in L.A
Ooh, I'm feeling myself
I'm so fly shawty think I really fly stealth
I'm so paid shawty I could really buy stealths
And I'm feeling my belt, and I'm feeling my sneaks
'Cause I don't see them on anybody
Got the semi by me for anybody
Yeah I'm from uptown, yeah I'm from uptown
Yeah, I'm from uptown, Eastside, I'm lighting up two blunts at one time
And I thank God I can say fuck one time
I'm sipping on two cups at one time
And I thank God I can say fuck one time
Fuck one time, fuck one time, fuck one time, thank God
You might also like
Louis V. bag, all black hammer
Louis V. shoes with the Louis bandanna
On the Louis phone case with the sidekick case
Might put L.V. on the side of my bitch face
Man I'm a dog, I go so hard
Man I'm a dog, 'bout to come in your yard
'Bout to, 'bout to cum in your lady
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F
Baby, hahaha
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F
Baby, hahaha
And Young Mulah, baby
Can't forget that
How would you do that?
I beat that track 'til that bitch blue 'n black
It's Weezy F. the monster, even F your mama
Even X your mama, leave you next to mama
You are so pussy gonorrhea's your aroma
Blind gynecologist could see that your vagina
Who? Me? Me? Turn beef to balanya
And your girl ride me like a Honda
Better yet she ride me like Travis Pastrana
Fuck the X Games, it's ecstacy games
Show me a mirror cause I'm so glad to meet Wayne
And I'm feeling myself
So fly shawty think I really fly stealths
But I'm so paid shawty I could really buy stealths
But I'm feeling my belt, I'm feeling my sneaks cause
I ain't never seen them on anybody
Got the semi by me for anybody
Yeah I'm from uptown, yeah I'm from uptown
Eastside!7Embed

