11 ContributorsGot Money (Remix) Lyrics
Pl-Pl-Play-N—Play-N—Play-N-Skillz!
Yeah, yeah!
I need a Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money (Woo! Uh-huh!)
Right now to the VIP section (Woo, yeah!)
You got Young Mula in the house tonight, baby (Yeah!)
Yeah
Haha, yeah (Uh-huh!)
Young (ay-hey)
Young, Young, Young, Young Mula baby!

If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way

Yeah, uh-huh, alright, alright
Now I was bouncing through the club
She love the way I Diddy-bop
I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop
Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fifty cocked
Say I ain't never been a chicken but my semi cocked
Now where your bar at? I'm tryin' to rent it out
And we so 'bout it 'bout it, now what are you about?
DJ show me love, he say my name when the music stop
"Young Money, Lil Wayne" then the music drop
I make it snow, I make it flurry
I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry
Yeah, young Wayne on them hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Young Money
You might also like
If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like (yeah)
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see (yeah)
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like (come on)
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way (come on)
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way

(Streets!) It go one for the money, two for the show
Now clap your hands if you got a bankroll (Chris)
Like some clap on lights in this bitch
I'mma be clappin' all night in this bitch
Lights off, mask on
Creep silent, she smiling
He muggin', who cares
'Cause my goons are right here
Like it's nothing to a big dog
And I'm a Great Dane, I wear eight chains
I'm in so much ice, they yell "Skate, Wayne!"
She wanna fuck Weezy, but she wanna rape Wayne
(And I'mma let her)

If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like (uh-huh)
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!, uh-huh) that-a-way (uh-huh)
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!, uh-huh) that-a-way (yeah)
If you getting mugged from everybody you see (yeah, uh)
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
Okay, it's Young Wayne on them hoes
But now I'm bout to do the Mack Maine on the hoes, like
WHOOSH! Like there go 1,000
Like WHOOSH! Bitch there go 2,000
I do that dance 'bout ten times, that's 20,000
Big Daddy Maine I give my girls allowance
And I allow them to go browsing
The only thing they say when they come back to my house is
WHOOSH! Daddy there go 1,000
Like WHOOSH! (Uh-huh)
(I'M MACK MAINE~!) Mack Maine on them hoes
E.A. Sports, I got game on them hoes
+500 Degrees+, Lil' Wayne on them hoes
I MAKE A +STRIPPER FALL IN LOVE+, T-PAIN ON THEM HOES


Yeah, it's Young Wayne on them hoes
AKA Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Yeah, Young Wayne on them hoes
Make a +Stripper Fall In Love+ T-Pain on them hoes
A-huh!Embed

