1 ContributorRespect My Conglomerate (Remix) Lyrics
Most people would consider this illegal

Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate.....the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate

It's Bus Rhymes!!!! (HUH!) And I'm back
With the crack, and the thugs, and the drugs, NIGGA BLACK!!!! (OH!!!!)
The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch
Blazin that I'm so amazin on the tracks BITCH!!!!!!
(BOUNCE ON 'EM!!!!) And I jump, and I skip
And I hop, and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!)
Watch the way and I'm givin the streets acid
Bastards niggas know I'm the king of the classics
Drastic measures, I'm spreadin like a rash bitch
Class is in session you 'bout to get yo' ass kicked
Emperor, of every roundtable of the house
(AND WHEN I SPEAK) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman
God rap, God persona, God scrilla (HUH!)
God body in the flesh call me GODZILLA!!!!
Now you know you see we be the most prominent
Dominant niggas respect my conglomerate (AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!)
You might also like (Young Jeezy)
Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate.....the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Yeaaaaah! I try to tell 'em homie)
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Yo Bus', watch my moves yo)

I tell 'em, "Hol' up, swoll' up
Yee ain't see us rollin up"
See them broads froze up, soon do's open up
Hey ladies, you likin what ya see?
+American Gangster+, my strap's European
(YO!!) Came wit a scope, got a Navy feel
So I can ambush niggas like the Navy Seals
My defensive line lookin like some linebackers
Most six cars, the other hal - CARJACKERRRRS!!!
Ballers wit them thangs, yeah we call 'em contractors
And if ya in-boys right, then they might contract ya (HA-HAAAAAH!!!)
40 cal lookin sweet on them honeycomb seats
Just like Cassie, my Sean John freak
Get you what ya want, just not that deep
Yet throteen'll split, got them May-ride seats
Two for the madonna, the May-ride freak
You know I brought the whole team, so the yay ride deep
 (Jadakiss)
Since we are the best and you agree with me right? (Uh-huh)
No need to debate..(uh-uh!)...the way we run shit (Yeah)
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate (Eh-HAEH!!!)
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Ha-HAEEEH!!)
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (HA-HAEEEH!!)

Yeah, uh, yeah, yo..
Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches
Dope fiends nauseous, crack spot
Race track, horses, big meetings at the
Round table, to discuss what the cost is
Money, change you, devils, angels
We the ones who say what you can and what you cain't do
Respect, power, kush, sour
Haze, airy, pills, powder
Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments
Don shit, real niggas who I get it on wit
When I'm around, my colleagues ain't comfortable
They all got a-sick with my verses for a month or two
(Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with
The blade first, then the bullet gon' follow it
Yeah, if you lucky, I might hollow it
D-Block, just respect my conglomerate
Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate.....the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerateEmbed

