1 ContributorSpeedin’ LyricsLegendary, Runners, you know me
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh, Trilla
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh
Every dollar that I count can't go in my account
My accountant can't count up all my money in a hour
?Cause it's comin? too fast and I'm scared it won't last
Look that white girl in her face, told her this was her last dance
Goddamn, speedin' got my heart racin?
I don't have the nominations you could blame that on my occupation
Caesar salad, Caesar's Palace
You're not a boss little nigga 'cause your cheese is average
In the Benz, AK, ridin? shotgun
It's a Benz ?cause you're broke ?til you got one
It ain't nothin' doin? 100 in the Maybach
Throwin? money out the roof motherfuck the brake pads
Fast life, I live, big cars, big cribs
Speedin?, I'm speedin?
I can't stop, it's all I know
From a youngin? I was taught get doe
I'm speedin?, speedin?, I'm speedin?
These people came lookin? for me, shit I got ghosts
See the West Coast close up in the Montrose
Big money, boss major
American Idol, I got fans like Fantasia
You might also likeRead between the lines or yo' ass like Fantasia
Get hit between the eyes, he died, they can't save him
In a Porsche, I'm weavin?
No dough, but I'm speedin?
I'm starin' at the skyline I got a million on my mind
I'm the best and these pussy niggas runnin' out of time
Ricky Ross, I'm the chill, quarter mill for the timepiece
Yeah, I bought a wheels like deals with the dime beats
Fast life, I live, big cars, big cribs
Speedin?, I'm speedin?
I can't stop, it's all I know
From a youngin? I was taught get doe
I'm speedin?, speedin?, I'm speedin?
Sittin? in the livin' room, watchin' The Grammys
Wishin' that was me that was on The Grammys
All I needed was someone to get behind me
Money rain on me!
I was a determined ill nigga, dirty shoes and Hilfiger
Homie helped me out 'cause his boy was a drug dealer
Now I'm flyin? high ?cause my gifts grew wings
And now I'm flyin? down like the coupe grew wings
Kells and Ross on the Hollywood scene
Red carpet and we smellin? like green
Now I floss ?cause I got paid off
Collabo was the Hip Hop and R&B boss, oh!
Fast life, I live, big cars, big cribs
Speedin?, I'm speedin?
I can't stop, it's all I know
From a youngin? I was taught get doe
I'm speedin?, I'm speedin?, I'm speedin?
E-Class, I think somebody followin? me
Meet me at the helipad, Mickey Beach
I'm worth fifteen million baby
I'm tryin' to blow it all in one week!
Fuckin' wit you, Triple see?s, it?s the Boss
(I'm speedin I'm speedin')
I'm a fly away on you haters
I done came up so fast
Movies, endorsements, films
(I'm speedin I'm speedin')
We own things, Boss!Embed

