2 ContributorsNike Boots LyricsWale and Lil Wayne:
I'm just doin what I gotta do
Flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots
(Wayne: Yea, Nike Boots Remix, Haha)
Flyer then the rest of them (2x)
Fly flyer then the rest of them(Wayne: Yeaaa DMV!)
Still got my nike boots
Flyer then the rest of them (Wayne: yeah) (2x)
Fly flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots
You heard the previous (Wayne: Yea!)
Here go the remix
You got 'Le here and Lil Weezy
We got the keys to the city DMV here
Wale!
It's the return of the ambassador heard u bammas sassin
Now I'm laughin' cuz i'm passin ya
Yea
And 'Bamas rap but, they lack the passion for it
They lack the vision young Folarin now can labrador em
I reel them in, Goadomes on
See i'm on my Scott Storch stayin' clear of Timbalands (yea)
A beat clubber no thug but the street love em
Why be them but it appears like we brothers
And peace Harlem and the Dipset phenomenon
D.C got ya, we got 'em like you got em on
Yea, my fan base pilin on...
Yea, my haters need Tylenol
And by the way I seen the iTunes hatin', I think it's more racist then ratings
Anyways give it up the capital of the nation
With weapons similar, to dry grapes
Or babies and raisins (BAM)
Chorus:
Flyer then the rest of them (2x)
Fl-flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots (did that sound tough enough?)
Flyer then the rest of them (2x)
(Nana, Nana, Nana)
Fl-flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots
You heard the previous
Here go the remix
You got 'le here and Lil Weezy
We got the keys to the city (you ready Lil Wayne?)
DMV here, here, here...
Wale! (holla at em)
Lil Wayne:
If its bullshit you want, bullshit I shall (yea)
Ima kick it off and go heads and tales
Red lobster everyday shrimp heads and tails (ha)
And bad bitches give me head and tail
And bad bitches give me head and tell
See i'm ahead but u stay the snail
I move they see the back of my nikes
Got to the end of the tunnel
And i was the light (aha)
Always strapped so I was alright
Naked woman rub my back
And ask me how was my night
I say- bitch stay out of my business!
When we fuck she say
Just stay out of kidneys!
I say, dont say it if Simon didn't
And America idolize a nigga (haha)
But they better, 'cuz bitch I'm me (ha)
And you are you, too, but bitch im three!
I be...
Chorus:
Flyer then the rest of them (2x)
Fly flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots
Flyer then the rest of them (yeah) (2x)
Fly flyer then the rest of them, still got my nike boots
(yea)
You heard the previous (yea)
There goes the remix(yea)
You got me here
And Lil Weezy (ha!)
We got the keys to the city DMV
Here, here, here..
I got em'
The revolution has arrived
Luchador like I've been masked
But still remain fly
Thats flyer then the wrestler, you don't want to mess with young Rey Mysterio mixed with Chavo Guerrero (yup!)
Flyer then the rest of them, make them all remember me
Make em all similar to the mind of an elephant
Mine wreaks excellence, y'all wreaks estrogen
Everybody know me like the Contra code for extra men
Beyond the extremities of everyone or anyone, train of thought runnin' like its Kenny and I carry on
Been in more beef then ceriums I bury em
Always next to madness like Kenyon, I carry on
Flyer then the rest, I told you I'm the 'ish
Watch me exercise my excrement
While sending messengers
DMV's messenger
Love it so I'm reppin' it
Hail to the 'Skins
Rest in peace, Sean Taylor
1You might also likeEmbed

