2 ContributorsDiamonds (Alternate Version) Lyrics
Diamonds on my damn chain! It ain't hard to tell!

Diamonds in my damn chain!
Diamonds in my damn chain!
I'm like ooh daddy, I see you with that damn thang'
Not my fault, I'm feelin' ya campaign
I like you but, I really like your damn chain!
Diamonds in my damn chain!
Diamonds in my damn chain!
It kinda explains the way she be actin'
She liked my necklace so she started relaxin'
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction!

Yo, you think you like me now, wait until the light hit me
I bet they house somebody girl spend the night with me
They gota love it, if not, then I guess they haters
This kinda necklace turn on the investigators
They ain't got one problem with this
Square facewatch lookin Sponge Bob on the wrist
One white, one gold, one nice, untold
You can look but don't touch, Guns might unload, now
I respect them thugs who get they jackin' on
But we squeeze set every slug that we be packin's long
Ya boy got the drug money we be stackin on
Lotta carrots, not the one's Bugs Bunny snackin' on
Got em, get em close and, lookin' like I scooped up-
-the Titanic chain, from the bottom of the ocean
I play them diamonds well when I got dat jewelery on
And she called me Karat Jeter, maybe Canary Bonds
See Fabolous LiveGet tickets as low as $118You might also like

Ahh! My name is Weezy F Baby! Oww!
I usually don't do this, ha! Ok, I'm lyin'
Cuz these diamonds of mine, just sparkle like wine
I'm easy to find, In the darker night time
I get so much attention from ya' eyes, like signs
I'm, kushed out my mind, Patron shots with lime
My necklace is a crime
And that bitch fine, what that girl name
I call my jeweller over tell her; "Make that girl a chain!"
I take that girl to Spain, she can't pronounce a thang'
And she got her girlfriend on the side like fame
The fetish is Louiane, I'm bombin' like Hussein
But I'm that fire, now I swallow my Butane
Residin' on a plane, the sky is my domain
I'm in and out the country, passports, and sweat-shorts
And tanktops, and sweet thoughts, from sun shades, and private airports
And of course... (Watchu got boy), I got...


Yo, maybe it's them VV's, cuz' they sets Susters'
Sit on the next bus like that show on MTV
The waves on the chain, make a nigga fly like the wings on a plane
When you sittin in between 'em
Even when you clean em', Glitenin' when you see 'em
Beemin' through the tints when I'm sittin in the "Phenom"'
Oops! I mean Phantom, my words got tangled man
But this tiger striped watch'll make ya bitch a Bengals fan
We all know Jacob, check the shit he did
He spent more time, "Making The Band" than Diddy did
You feel my campaign, then drop your old spouse
I'm out in DC, at the "White and Gold House" (White and Gold House)...
Wanna convince me love, Secret Service meet with some of that Lewinsky love
She saw the chain, baby brain, no strain ever since
Now that's what the fuck I call a real "Chain of Events"! Nigga

Diamonds on my damn chain! It ain't hard to tell!1Embed

