24 ContributorsYou Mad Yet? Lyrics
You mad? too bad
I'm with a bad bitch with a new ass
I'm hot as Summers, you can ask Susan
I been had bands since  Duran Duran, muthafucka
You mad? Cause you last
My bitch pussy feel like new land
Two Xans, a few grams
I'm gettin' money, spend it on new ramps, you mad?

Hot boy Turk fuckin' with hot boy Tunechi
Free my nigga Jeezy, beaches and a doobie
Word on the street and the pen, I'm a nuisance
Shoot a nigga sober while he under the influence
Hey, you niggas mad, cuz I bubble like Jacuzzi
I do not recall if the judge wanna accuse me
Mad, cuz I'm passin' past you niggas like "excuse me"
Got a bitch nigga turnin' red, call him ruby
Yeah, I'm back in this muthafucka
Young T get sauce leakin' in this muthafucka
Leave a nigga reekin' in a muthafucka
Back like surprise, no peekin' in this muthafucka
They mad cuz I ain't doin' bad
Hot boy don't want no problem, I just want my cash
But if you wanna go to war, I got my solider rag
Mad cuz I'm solid and you niggas plaid
Caitlyn Jenner, man, these niggas changin' faces
Take 'em to school and I'm stuntin' on the whole class
My bitch get mad at me every time I cum fast
I tell her that what she get for tryna come last
Then eat the pussy like a Kit-Kat
Playin' with my money, get your kid 'napped
On the road doin' shows if ya lookin' for me
These niggas hate me, they just mad cuz they bitches love me
You might also like
You mad? too bad
I'm with a bad bitch with a new ass
I'm hot as Summers, you can ask Susan
I been have bands since Duran Duran muthafucka
You mad? Cuz you last
My bitch pussy feel like new land
Two Xans, a few grams
I'm gettin' money, spend it on some new rims, you mad?

You  muddy ass cup, chubby ass blunt
They love me and some of 'em wealthy and handsome
Got a pop star cutie with a popcorn booty and she star in movies
I'm that hot boy Tunechi, I'm a martian
Martian, haters make me nauseous
I'm in this bitch with Turk, we yellin', "Free Christopher Dorsey"
My niggas move weight like Kelly Clarkson, they awesome
Never let the feds get close like a scorpion
Bitches takin' portraits, why they in my fortress?
Now wifey gettin' mad, I'm like "ma', they not important"
Niggas gettin' mad lookin' like they smellin' horse shit
But they never start shit, that's some clever-smart shit
Dirty money washin', countin' till exhaustion
Weed so fire, it gotta be arson
Roaches in the ash tray, they probably need Orkin
Niggas say check me, he lied and he forged it
Martian, martian around the world I orbit
I'm lookin' for a bitch to get it on with like Marvin
She said it's gonna cost me, I told her "bitch get off me"
Her stripper name diamonds, her real name Swarovski
These niggas minor, me I'm just hierarchy
Shoot the whole car up, and still don't hit the car seat
You dead yet? You mad yet?
Beat a pussy nigga up and now my hands wet
You mad? too bad
I'm with a bad bitch with a new ass
I'm hot as Summers, you can ask Susan
I been have bands since Duran Duran, muthafucka
You mad? Cuz you last
My bitch pussy feel like new land
Two Xans, a few grams
I'm gettin' money, spend it on some new rims, you mad?11Embed

