4 ContributorsStep Back Lyrics
Philly freezer, I got the squeezer, I got the 9 millimeter make your people (step back)
(That's yucky) I'm Star-spangled; the hood pay me allegiance I supply them with the meters
Bump that while you bump crack!
I'm back on it, beat my rap endurance, stompin' on the hardest streets I'll put ya back up on it
Trappin' all these artists beats, I'm makin' stacks regardless
I'm _ with more keys than platinum artists, rappin' garbage
Ya'll rap the tallest, you're full of shit!
40 with the extended clips, turn ya'll to rappin targets
Ya'll act the fool, we act the smartest
Ya'll _ weed, mobbin' we ridin' on ya mom and all that
Getcha gat and all that
Getcha lat and all that
This the hat, im bin laden hit the stash and all that
Hit your building so fast wayne cashin' all that
Getta bitch and get the ass and I don't have to call back
You can only dive out from the whip
Only dive out from the crib, I don't have a call back
I suggest you fall back and get your fuckin' _ wet
Presidential, This is Free on a mission
I'm here!


Young Wayne, lemme take a 
And view the game and go straight and never take a 
I'm so ahead of these niggas it's like they a 
And I left with my gun, but my bullets, he kept that!
Yup yap, you know its the lyrical death trap
I will make your best act 
Bet that, jet black Maserati colder than a dead body
M.O.B! A bitch couldn't get lemonade out me!
In the dessert your not worth, the effort as a Hefner
Hugh, do like you! Who? not me never ever!
Never never have i ever met the devil but spit like i got a fevar
I mean fever, fuck whatever! It's whatever
I got several black loaded pieces of metal
When i swear, it only tell niggas the opposite of hello!
But your yellow. your coward hearted
Better get some water, get the gasoline can open, get this fuckin fire started!
Fireman get all mystical on em
Fireman walk around and heat visible on em
Apple and eagle street nigga this is the corner
You kiss your girl on the cheeks, i had my genitals on em!
Championship team defeatin any opponent
You see us pumpin our fist, so Arsenial on em!
And tonight imma ball,and just live the moment
And pray,i get to do this shit again in the mornin...You might also like1Embed

