51 ContributorsHot Boy Lyrics
Fuck wrong with you?
That boy Cassius
Keep it going, haha
Oh, oh
Stevie J!

Come through lookin' like the old me (Woo!)
White T-shirt and Girbaud jeans (Woo!)
Smokin' OG, I'm a OG (Woo!)
Sippin' Codeine, I'm a whole fiend
Been a Hot Boy since 14
Gotta get my money up by all means
Used to sell rock by the Walgreens (Who the fuck is Stevie J?)
I was 14, having orgies
Stunt real hard, real-real-real hard
On a broke ass nigga, then steal his broad
She ask me what the tear drops on my face
I told that bitch, "These tears of joy"
I got a big ass house, got cameras everywhere
Big ass closet, I don't know what I'ma wear
Even if I change, the game don't change
A pimp gon' be pimp and a ho gon' be herself
Squad, these niggas might get rowdy
Cocaine cowboy nigga like howdy
Codeine drought, tell them boys I got it
Nitpicky bitch, do the Josephine Johnny
Hot Boy Tunechi, all the hot girls love me
My clique brazy, everybody clutchin'
Everybody cuffin', everybody muddy
Stunna not around, but everybody stuntin' (Here we go!)
You might also like
Bitch, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Juvie
That's still my big brother, always told me I was the best in music
Yeah, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, nigga, Lil Weezy
I'm still the best rapper, I ain't hungry, nigga, I'm greedy, yeah
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, free B. Gizzle
That's still my big brother, been gettin' locked up since we was little, damn
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, nigga, Young Turk (Stevie J!)
That been my brother since day one, like January the first, Lord (Who the fuck is Stevie J?)

Oh yeah, you know, you know me, them niggas owe me
Like Scarface, that's okay
I'm going OJ, OJ, go DJ
I want my bands nigga, like Coldplay and Green Day (Hollup)
I'm talkin' crazy, I'm hot, sss, bitch I'm blazin'
I'm wavy, the Hot Boys, I was the baby
Your favorite, when they vacated, I debated
I delayed it, now, nigga, we made it
Yeah, I been paid since them days
I invest, I stock trade
From Eagle Street to Wall Street
To ya'll street in that drop head
In that hot summer, on that hot leather
With them tiny wheels and them shiny things
Bad bitch that's into trying things (Stevie J!)
I'm too hot, call me Johnny Blaze
Bitch, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Juvie
That's still my big bro, always told me I was the best in music
Lord, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, nigga, Lil Weezy
I'm still the best rapper and I ain't hungry, I'm greedy
Bitch, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, free B. Gizzle
That's still my big brother, been gettin' locked up since we was little, Lord
I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, nigga, Young Turk (Stevie J!)
That been my brother since day one, like January the first (Who the fuck is Stevie J?)

And my hot girl and your hot girl was sittin' by the Bayou (That's right)
And my hot girl told your hot girl, "I got a hot boy that's on fire"
She talkin' 'bout that Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Tunechi
500 degrees, nigga, 500 degrees
Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, nigga, Lil Weezy
From a hot boy to a fireman, I think I hear someone screaming, hold up

I pull up
Mula baby, yeah
Hold up, yeah, hold up

Bitch, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, gangsta (Woo!)
That's my OG, always taught me how to use my thinker
Lord, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Elvis (Stevie J!)
That nigga nickname "Hot," what the fuck that tell you?
Lord, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Ceedo
Uptown OG, been gettin' money way before me
Lord, I'm ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, free that Hot Boy Tanto
That's my OG, taught me how to get this guapo, gone28Embed

