38 ContributorsBefore Tune Gets Back Lyrics
Man...Mike, cut something on!
Man, they don't never let me get on nothin' dog
Man cut-man cut-man cut something on, man!
Man, hurry up though, before Tune get back, come on!
Yeah, D5 motherfucker!
It's Tunechi Jr. bitch!
Pops, lemme go ahead and get 'em one time, ya heard me?
Hol' up!

Turn my motherfuckin' mic on
And I ain't leavin' 'til the motherfuckin' lights on
This ain't a dick, this a motherfuckin' python
And if it's war call me, fuck Tyrone
You know what? It's time for y'all niggas to sit
Big ass house, no room for bullshit
Such and such told me, "Chuck, you ain't rich!"
Well tell such and such they can suck my dick
Cause I got a lot of sperm if you need it, sperm if you need it
I made you go crazy for no fuckin' reason
I beat you pussy niggas up 'til you start bleedin'
Menstrual cycle, fuck it, go ahead bleach 'em
Diarrhea, I'm running this shit, I'm just gettin' my laps on
All my niggas strapped up and y'all pussy niggas got strap-ons
Bitch we breed this 5-stars, bitch we bleed these 5-stars
YMCMB, you can come get fucked by 5 stars!
She ain't got too comfortable, I done made her stupid ass walk home
I kill the beat the barrel on the yopper round as a motherfuckin' Super Dome
You know I'm a fuckin' beast, yeah I'm a fuckin' creep
You could get these 30 clips if you wanna make a scene
Tune let me off the leash, now I run the fucking streets
Two fingers in her pussy, then I tell her pussy, "Peace!"
It's Chuckee, she say, "Yo' name Chuckee?"
I said, "No, my name's Suck Me!"
Introduce you to T if your stupid ass lucky
Fuke roll 'em fat, kinda got my nose stuffy
All my niggas on gas, Quik Trip
And all my niggas gon' blast this shit
See, all y'all niggas doin' bad and shit
So really I'mma act a fuckin' ass this year
Trukfit on my neck, that Truk mean I'll truck your ass
She got junk up in her trunk, I guess it's time to take out the trash
And you thought this shit was over
Got paper like a fuckin' school folder
If her grass ain't cut, get the lawnmower
Tony, tell them bitches it's Libra gang
Vocal lessons, let the nina sing
Before I leave up out this bitch, they gon' know my fuckin' name
Birdman Jr. Junior! Fuck a dog, bitch I got a puma
Man these niggas' pussies stink, no wonder why I was smellin' tuna
Lame ass boys don't want no trouble, pussy niggas just a bunch of suckers
Smashing all they moms, you could call me a motherfucker
Man I'm about to act an ass and this shit here? Just a little tease
Pull big willie out my pants and all them girls say, "Hercules!"
Bitch I'm livin' B.I.G., my gun is little cease
If that girl don't pop it off, I'll just skeet right on her weave
Okay that gold pack in my pocket; I'm like a rag up in a socket?
And when I cock that nina nine, you better not cock block me
YM be the shit, I say, "Damn everybody else"
I be kicking girls out the condo, I got a black belt
Big bro said, "It's your time nigga"
You heard what the fuck the man said
Boy I body these verses, that's why they cost a arm and a leg
Left that coochie smokin', she gon' fail her drug test
My chain on freeze, call my shit under arrest
I'm gone!
You might also like
Mike turn the mic off dog!
Fuck, I'm just playing around dog
Man cut the beat off before Tune get back!2Embed

