25 ContributorsDo It Lyrics

I've been thinkin' 'bout a couple of things, girl
Legs open, I just wanna get between, girl
Love the way you move your body like that (Turn up!)
Ooh damn girl that ass so fat (Yo work!)
Back it up, come and ride like a car, girl
Throw it back like it fell in your yard, girl
Go hard cause I know you got a kid, girl
Let these motherfuckers know who he is, girl
So bad she got you trippin'
Don't fuck with him, he ain't tippin' (He broke!)
If he lookin' and he don't pay
Don't dance, baby girl, just wait (Fuck!)
Love to watch you on that pole, girl
Firefighter, watch you on that pole, girl
Hit a split, love to watch you go
This girl puttin' on a show
So now I got a couple ones with me
She lookin' good, this girl is bae, yeah, she the one for me
I got some racks and told the waiter bring some ones to me
She lookin' good, this girl is bae, yeah, she the one for me

I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it (Turn up! Turn up!)
Now gon' bust it open, bust it open (Pop! Pop!)
Bust it open (Turn up!), bust it open (Pop! Pop!)
I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
You might also like
I keep wakin' up with these strippers
I keep tellin' myself I'm gon' change
But they keep sendin' me these naked pictures
And I'm about to get 'em all framed
Lord, I know she ain't perfect
And I know she off the chain
But every time she disappear
I'm stuck here like David Blaine
Hide her tears when I make it rain
Dancin' so long but never made enough
Fuck with me, she'll never dance again
Fuck with me, we're never breakin' up
Get your cash, get your bread
Shake your ass on your head
Remember when you fell off that pole?
I signed your cast on your leg
But you've got much better since then
I guess that pole dancin' class worked
I guess that yoga class paid off
You got them hoes mad at work
And your lil cousin, she don't dance
She count your money and hold your purse
Say you only dance to my songs
That's a gift and a curse
I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it (I love the way she do it. I love the way she do it.)
I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it (I love the way she do it. I love the way she do it.) (Turn up!)
Now gon' bust it open, bust it open (Pop! Pop!)
Bust it open (Turn up!), bust it open (Pop! Pop!)
I love the way you do it, do it, do it, do it, do it (I love the way she do it. I love the way she do it.)53Embed

