10 ContributorsBroads Lyrics
See these broads, I like 'em and shit
Wish I could give all these hoes a picture-of-my dick
See I like em and psyche em, then I get in the win
I might just need you and leave you at a quarter past ten, but
I ain't gonna lie, your pussy was good
But your mouth is better so I wish you would
Work your way down to the diznick
It feels so good when you do the liznick
You got me doing push-ups and I'm taking ginseng
(Let's get ready to rumble!) In the middle of the ring
You got my dick hard like a '57 Chevy
Rocked up, ya cocked up, cause I'm ready
To go up in ya, let that other nigga send ya
Cards and shit while you suckin' my dick
I like you a little bit more than I'm diggin' my shirt
Ya little pretty ass dick suckin' expert, beeyoch!

See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique

These broads, nigga, I wish that I could love 'em all
These broads, nigga, I wish that I could fuck 'em all
These broads, I let these hoes just drive my car
But these hoes know one thing: that I'm a superstar
These hoes get out of line, I'ma show 'em I'm a hog
And now that I'm rich, I show these hoes that they ain't shit
And every ho I fuck with, I make suck my dick
It ain't no secret, I know these hoes about my money, shit
But I tell a ho quick, that she ain't shit
My main ho Clare, I don't make her suck my dick
I might just get loose and wanna kiss my bitch
But now that I got a daughter, I'm supposed to be light on a bitch
But I'm gonna be hard on these hoes for life, shit
I'm a true U-P-T player for life, shit
But I'ma say it again, I don't love no bitches
I about my money, nigga, and fucking these bitches
You might also like
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique

Now I done been here for 25 years
I understand one thing: that life is a bitch
I done lost my ma and my pa, my brother and my sister all up in one year
I understand one thing, I gotta ball 'til I fall
And show these hoes that money ain't no thang, dawg
See, I tell a bitch that she ain't shit
And at the same time ask that ho to suck my dick
See, I don't take money and mix with no bitch
Cause one thing, these hoes would lose they mind and get lost quick
It ain't no secret, I make these hoes think I'll pay their shit
But I keep it real and I pay my nigga's shit
I say, "fuck a ho," and make these hoes back up
I keep it real and fuck with niggas who'll act up
And kick in your front door, your ho told my nigga where your dope
Now you stuck out like a ho!
And my niggas done hit a lick from your bitch
And all you hoes mad cause we done hit your shit

See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
Birdman: Now that was beautiful Baby. How you love that? Wassup wassup, me, with these bitches
I like gettin' my dick sucked, that's the only way I can get it. What's happenin'
Dawg, I like to get full of that enema and Kool-Aid, go all night
Yeah, I get full of the Crystal, that shit get a nigga hot. Bitch know one thing: she fucking with Baby, she gonna scuff her knees up, it's just like that. On the other hand, Lil One, what's happenin', what you workin' with, what's in your pockets foo?
I'm playing with about, 15
Well, if he got 15 then you know I got 45. Wassup. Cadillac wassup boy? Uptown for life. Drivin' nothing but new cars and fuckin these broads. We pimp with our nose closed now boy! We about to have big thangs! Pretty broads! Nothing but new cars! It's all gravy, baby, believe that. Hot Boyz...it don't stop till the casket drop. It ain't gonna move unless the paper move2Embed

