2 ContributorsSweetest Girl (Dollar Bill) - Remix Lyrics
Some live for the bill
Some kill for the bill (Rich Nice in your area, area...)
She wined for the bill
Grind for the bill
(Weezy... and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill
(and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill

Pimping got harder cause, hoes got smarter
On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of
Rather be up in the club shaking for a dub
Get triple times the money and spending it like they wanna
They got they mind on they money, money on they mind
They got they finger on the trigger, hand on the nines
See everyday they feel the struggle, but staying on they grind
And ain't nobody taking from us, and that's the bottom line
But I know there's a drop in the block
You move slow
You getting pressure from cops
You don't know whether or not to lay low
Because 25 to life is no joke
To all my real guerillas thugging
On top of corners every day struggling
All the beautiful women getting money
Washing them dollar bills like laundry
You might also like
Cause I'm a tell you, like Wu told me
Cash Rules Everything Around Me
Singing dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Singing dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)

High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
High school she was
That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
Never thought she would come and work for the president
Mr. George Washington (where my money at?)
She balls, he'd call (where my money at?)
She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She bawls, he'd call (where my money at?)


(AND THIRD WEEZY!) She used to be the sweetest girl ever
Whatever, now she like sour ameretta
She wears a dress to the T like the letter
And if you make it rain she will be under the weather
She used to run track back in high school
Now she tricks on the track right by school
She takes a loss cause she don't wanna see her child lose
So respect her, I'll pay up for the time used
And then she runs to the pastor
And he tells her there will be a new chapter
But she feels no different after
And then she asks him, "Where my money at? "

Yeah, light that... yes sir!
(AY RAEKWON!)
Move flow, then over the stove, open pie racks
And smoke and chain dangled, vein in my brain tangled
Thinking bout broth in both coasts is all on my money made
I should be revealed to Oprah
But flashing to the times I was broke, no lights
No gas, couldn't buy Ivory soap
But got with a sick-type clique
You know, the smart ones who came through
Fronting with the long jumps
About a week later, we on, we been, hate us
Shoebox and money looking bummy my delagators
Or ride for me, hide from me, bust a 4-5 for me
Police come, see us gone, we survivors, shorty

Some live for the bill
Some kill for the bill
She wined for the bill
Grind for the bill (And she used to be sweetest girl)
Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill (where my money at?)
Tonight Wyclef, Raekwon, Weezy on the bill
Where my money at?Embed

