47 ContributorsPut Some Keys On That Lyrics
Weed and syrup is the combination
And the inspiration is you pussy-ass niggas
I just realized y'all can't fuck with me
And you never will, bitch-ass niggas
Weezy F. Baby, believe that
Haha, yeah

I got them 24-inches, sitting on them Joe Buddens
And the trunk straight jumping, bitch, I can't hear nothing
Or I might do the Spurs, sitting on them Tim Duncans
And in that Lamborghini, I do donuts like Dunkins
How come every bad bitch with a pussy wanna fuck him?
But I just feed 'em drugs and just watch 'em fuck each other
My neck was a hundred, and my wrist was another
It make her pussy wet, I leave that bitch with a puddle
I'm a beast, I'm a dog, I should rap with a muzzle
Peyton Manning flow: I just go, no huddle
Baby girl getting straight dick, no cuddle
You know I'm out this world, I just bought a space shuttle—
I'ma put some D's on that bitch
And these hoes starting to get like fleas on my shit
Have you seen her? Who? Nina, she's on my hip
Yellow-white diamonds, call it "cheese on them grits"
You niggas ain't balling
Real talk, you niggas can't guard me
Two niggas can't guard me, you looking at Jordan
From the side, like Spike at the Garden
I got the hardest bars, call me the warden
Yeah, excuse me, pardon
I break a bitch down like Tonya Harding
Bitch, I'm col', not dude off Martin
Pockets just fat like the Klumps and Norbit
Bitch, I'm fly like a magic carpet
And bitch, I'm fresh like a pack of Orbit
See, I'ma take it and go bring it back to New Orleans
And bitch, I'ma shine in the land of darkness
In which I'ma grind 'til my stacks is tall as a wall is
And I'm high, don't wan' know how deep the fall is
No, I can't come down
And every time I send my girl out of town—
I put some keys on that bitch
I'm a certified gangsta
Haters make me nauseous, the money make me anxious
Listen how my words are poetic like Langston
Dreads down my back like I come straight from Kingston
But I come from Hollygrove, seventeen, danger zone
So many C-notes, I can sing a song
T-top coupe, looking like a thong
Your girl love my dick, she treats it like a bong
I don't wan' be right if gettin' high is wrong
My eyes so low, I look like I'm from Hong Kong
Boy, I got more green than the Bishop Don Juan
OK, I'm not a rookie, I'm a pro... -methazine fiend
Make the homies say, "Ho!" and make all the girlies scream
I am a vegetarian, man, I only eat beats
Wear a lot of carats, and I smoke the best greens
No beef in my grocery bag
Just some Swishers and a whole bunch of cans of whoop-ass, ha
I'm strapped, like a bookbag
So anyone of y'all can come on and get a foot tag
D.O.A., ride all night
Sleep, no way—sleep when I lay
Six feet deep, and until that day
I'ma be living like it is that day
Yeah, I keep holding on
I said, "Bitch, I been hot; bitch, the stove been on"
If you don't like it, I roll over and roll along
Fuck you and the horse that you rode in on
Yeah, some cool shorts and my Kobes on
Looking slicker than the lane that you bowling on
If they ain't tell you I'm the shit, then they told you wrong
Bitch, I'm bubbling like soda foam in a Styrofoam... cup
You know what's in my styrofoam? "What?"
S-Y-R-up!
That's my car, yup—Vrooommmmm! Errr!
I'm goneYou might also like28Embed

