2 ContributorsVegas Lyrics
I woke up thinking, I don’t remember last night
With a stranger laying next to me
She said "It’s Vegas” so I guess it’s alright
Shit is exactly how it’s supposed to be
These Vegas nights, they never end
These Vegas nights, they never end

It’s like your body’s worth Bugatti’s
Fuck what you need, you got it
Baby you my trending topic
I’m your hot mess, you my hot shit
Girl I owe you, let me show you
I just showed you I can be your soldier
And while they’re Kung Fu fighting
We’ll be inside making love
Girl I know that I just met you
No I don’t wanna sweat you
But it’s feelin’ like we’re making love
And I know you love the money
No I ain’t out the money
I ain’t out the money you love
I can hold you each and every night
She told me "Only for the right price”
Got me thinking "Am I goin’ crazy? Or do she got her mind right?”
You might also like
I woke up thinking, I don’t remember last night
With a stranger laying next to me
She said "It’s Vegas”, so I guess it’s alright
Shit is exactly how it’s supposed to be
These Vegas nights, they never end
These Vegas nights, they never end

Ooo I woke up thinking like “Who is this butt-naked bitch next to me?”
They say what happens, it stays here, well I’m like this bitch better leave
Lord, she woke up, went back to sleep cause she slept with the man of her dreams
We had so much cocaine, when I stepped out the suite, I had sand on my feet
We went Wi-Fi
We got high and went bye-bye, we went underwater
Saw fireflies with dry eyes during the high tide
She fucked me until I got tired and my high died
She said “Not mine”, so we fucked again till I stopped sign
She said “Stop crying, this is now mine.”
I said “Wow, fine.”
She tapped the dick twice, is this thing on?
You are now live, then the crowd vibed
And she tell me I’m the one, and I tell her she the one
And all we gotta do is dial 9
She say "The pussy ain’t free." I said “Wow, fine.”
I pay her with a smile slime
Then I told her my coke ain’t free neither
She said that "We’re even."
I said “Now you’re talking like a loud mime.”
I’m up in Vegas, a million in cash
I just lost half, don’t dwell on the past
My girl just said "Let’s go get married," I laughed
Now I’m at a drive through chapel in a cab
With my homies screaming out “Tunechi don’t do it, reconsider”
I said “Fuck it, my nigga, we up in Vegas and I feel like De Niro”
I woke up thinking, I don’t remember last night
With a stranger laying next to me
She said “It’s Vegas”, so I guess it’s alright
Shit is exactly how it’s supposed to be
These Vegas nights, they never end
These Vegas nights, they never end

I don’t remember
Feel like De Niro
OooEmbed

