12 ContributorsI’m the Best Rapper Alive Lyrics
Now see, the first time I realized I was the best rapper alive, you know what I mean? Now, before I go into any further in this conversation, let me let y'all know what I mean about this "best rapper alive" shit. I don't think I'm better than anybody personally. I don't think I'm better than anybody spiritually. Knah'mean? I don't think I'm better than anybody in any way or form or fashion. But as far as this rap thing, I think I am better than everybody. I'm a competitor. I hope everybody else feel the same way about their craft, you know what I mean? If you do, it makes it better for the people. It makes it better for the listeners, dog. And that's how I feel about mine, so, if you're listening and you wanna hear somebody that's dedicated to what they do, I'm so dedicated that I feel I'm the best. And that's that!


Bang bang, I shot you down
See, I can understand that
Bang bang, you hit the ground
Niggas be saying "Dram', why you talk so much shit on your mixtapes?"
Bang bang, that awful sound
When you're grinding like I'm grinding to get where I'm at
Bang bang
You'll understand
I used to shoot you down
Believe that!
Hahaha! Dedication 2! That's right
And I won't be saying that I'm the best
You already—
But I run this!~

Wake up, motherfuckers, it's Weezy, you got a problem
Hats to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin'
Shiny black coupe, at night, look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby, it's so— (Gangsta! Hold up!)
You might also like
Right now, we're gonna hold the fuck up man. See, y'all niggas ain't playing close attention right now.
Hahaha!
Ayy, Drama, this is what I want you to do, man. This is what I really need you to do right now. My nigga, Drama—plus, he be hitting y'all in the head with that gangsta shit. But listen, my nigga, Drama, man, here's what I need you to do: I need you to give me something else for you now, just to warm 'em up, and then, later on, we gon' hit 'em with that . So I hope these motherfuckers ready to get high. So get your pipes! And get your gangsta grills!1Embed

