17 ContributorsUh-Ohhh! Lyrics + (Lil Wayne)
Murder Inc. nigga
(Young Money just crept in like uh-ohhh!)
Em-pire, em-pire! Hehe, let's get 'em~!
Inc Gang nigga, young money Cash Money, collabo'
Listen, listen

To all my niggas my bitches my bitches my niggas my gangsters
Hoes, pimps, and pushers keep workin with it, we doin' it
We gettin' it, got money we takin' it, got bitches we takin' them
Empire just stepped in and they like
Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh!
Hitting the uh uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh!
Cause they know we gettin' it, got money we takin' it
Got bitches we takin them, Empire just stepped in (fuck niggas!)

Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Here I, go oh-oh-oh
It's the Rule nigga, you already know-oh
I'm gettin it, I don't gotta talk because I'm livin it
Money over bitches period, and I'm dead serious
These bitches is feminine
Nigga so I T-T-T-T-touch 'em up e'ry time I see 'em!
Are you feelin it, it-it-it's comin through the barrel
Of the fi-ih-ifth, out the sunroof of the si-ih-ix
Ih-ih-if, you willin to bear wit-ne-ess
How I take money, take bi-ih-itches, niggas is
Fascinated with the kid, love my style
Your bitch too'll be on the dick you let her come out
Quit handcuffin' these hoes! My pi-ih-imp game proper
I'm a pis-tal popper, fuck around and get shot up
My niggas all riders, our bitches all done up
Fuck! I know y'all niggas hate to love us; what!
See Ja Rule LiveGet tickets as low as $58You might also like with Lil Wayne ad libs

Uh-ohh! You did it; now, you gotta get it
Weezy F is in yo' buildin, I will step, on yo' buildin
From the steps, of my buildin, raise hell, hell's risen
Call me young Raekwon, I'm a Chef in Hell's Kitchen
And flow, sweet as devil's food, I eat angels for dinner
Call me what y'all want, I don't give a finger in the middle
I'mma hold it down and blow up, the anchor is the missile
When I say we got them brrrrrrrrrr! I ain't tryin to whistle
Longbody Maybach, it make me feel so little
I'm ballin on the suckers and I won't pick up my dribble
Retarded on the beat—sick!—I spit hospitals
And she couldn't stand under my umbrella if it drizzled
My pimp game proper, my inf' aim proper
So run and I will hit you like Jeremiah Trotter
Yessuh! Call me, young Carter
My leather so soft and I be stunt'n like my dada
Ya dig?!

Yep yep, I d-d-d-d-dig it!
But our jewelry's so fri-di-di-di-digid, damn
How dare bitches look at Atkins, Carter and Crocker
Like we don't make that crack that get real butter
Did-did-did-did I stu-st-stah-stutter the first time nigga, nah
They like uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! This nigga's tr-uh-ouble
It's the Inc., nigga act like ya know-ow
Who's gettin it, livin this, gangster shit

 + (Lil Wayne)
Murder Inc. nigga
(Young Money just crept in like uh-ohhh!)
Em-pire, em-pire! Heh...1Embed

