6 ContributorsYall Aint Fuckin Wit Me Lyrics
Yeah
What Up World
It's your boy Weezy Baby
Bless on the music. Mixtape murder, bitch. Ya know?
So get your ? shit right
Listen

Ima squeeze the game till faggots scream mercy
I spit it for niggas who will never see mercy
Throwback New Orleans number 17 jersey
Bang bang eagle gang early
If you heard a verse thirsty, I got your cup
I put killa flow on ya plate eat it up paw
And every slow song needed
My shit already seasoned
No pepper added the boy is acid
Fee yelling from the sideline "boy he don't pass it"
I tuck and scramble and 100 yard dash it
I tuck it handle coming out my pants
Its like fucking animal, blame it on my past tense
You niggas running trying to catch up wit my past tense
Ya need your ass kicked, maybe your run faster
Dumb bastard, this is Young Money and me I'm the young master
Ask for Weezy shit
Im SQAD Up niggas telling me to kill it
Knowin when we come out we gone dumb out
Glocks rung out, shots rung out
Party flyers reading no party if the SQAD come out
Cuz it's no party when them nines come out
When you're trynna dance and your man's spine come out
My tec did that
Not me, my tec did dat
I thought it was a bitch song but niggas is yelling "my neck, my back"
I ain't respecting that
Petty ballers step with that
We major just cope, we neglected crack
U.S. lets get Clinton elected back
Cuz Bush got the hood on a hectic lack
But I'm good at this I practice techniques
Wrestle the streets Cactus Jack
How black is that?
My flow a civil rights act attack
The spine of the neighborhood back is back
That Weezy; That Baby; That Hot Boya
Have your lady that hot and bothered
That gangsta that pimp that balla
Name ringin in the streets like a black tomas
Name ringin hustle like I gotta smack bonas
Name keep ringin till the feds smack on us
Name ringin in then game like I clash Jordan
Young field still young, name ringin in the school classroom like I'm Zach Morris
Team ringin in New Orleans like we are that Hornets team
I got the maybe peach? under garments clean?
In a Bentley limousine, know what I mean?
Weezy is king
You might also likeBitch
Ya Know? What it is
You thought I was finished?

I'm Weezy Wee boy posted in my b-boy stance
5 g's on pants like 500 little G, G's on pants
Jeep jeep on fans
She she haul ass
The see the boy pass
We be off glass
To you haters who gone trip don't leave y'all bags
Y'all come on back ya hear, we gone beat y'all ass
Big money over hear, I over beat y'all cash
Getting money over hear, I over see y'all cash
Little money over there, I can't see y'all cash
I could get y'all cash
We flee off fast
Like holdin down clutch pop neutral to first, wait flee off gas
Yes, you could keep on playing and we gone dance
And we don't dance no more all we do is this
Nigga you just witnessed terrific business
I learned that from the game and earned it with the name
Fuck Ya
Because y'all not fucking wit me cuz I'm Cash Money and I'm Young Money
Tell em I'm SQAD Up till I leave, put it on my mommy gat behind me
You could try me
Y'all not fucking wit me cuz I'm Cash Money and I'm Young Money
Tell em I'm SQAD Up till I leave, it's on my mommy gat behind me
You could try me
Fuck itEmbed

