42 ContributorsWhat Happened Lyrics
Yeah
Ooh whoa-oh oh
Ugh

What happened? (What happened? Yeah)
What happened? (What happened? Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, damn, girl, what happened? (What happened?)
What happened? (What happened?)
I thought you weren't fucking with me no more
Damn, girl, what happened? (What happened?)
I thought you wasn't fucking with me no more
What happened? What happened?

Yeah, she say ''Oh, you got that comeback''
She say my dick is a necessity (Woo)
Drop my drawers and pull out my longevity
She just hop on it, and then, she forget everything
Oh, she so open, who said sesame?
When she leave me, she come back like she ain’t never leave (Never leave)
She talk bad about my new bitch 'cause we got chemistry (Oh)
She said ''it ain't jealousy''—allegedly
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened?
You act like you don’t miss me, oh my God, you suck at acting
I'm like, I thought weren't fucking with me no more
Girl, I’m laughing
She said, she'll get real when that vibrator out of batteries
She be talking about how she moving on with her life (Yeah)
She tired of my shit and she can do better (Yeah)
She told herself she ain’t fucking with me no more (Yeah)
She'll lie to herself, she'll lie to who whatever (Oh)
Talking 'bout, she seen me with such-and-such (Oh)
I say it’s nothing, it's just fuck-and-duck (Ayy)
She say, 'Yeah, right, nigga, what I look like?'' (Ayy)
I said ''Just like my next daughter or sum'n"
So she said ''Oh, you make me sick
I love you, I hate you, I’m leaving, I’m lying
'Cause none of them niggas could never be you
They can never be you, the 'o' nor the 'y'"
If she’s over me, I look up to the sky (Woo)
I see her falling for me like a bomb (Boom)
She said ''I know you'll miss me when I’m gone''
I just co­sign; we make up for lost time
You might also like
She always say, "This is the last time"
(She always say this is the last time)
She love better than she lie
(She love better than she lie)
She always say, "This is the last time"
She said that last time, wait

Wait, I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened? (Girl, what happened?)
Thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened? (Ooh)
You’re lying to yourself (Stop lying, stop lying)
Oh, then you compromise with yourself, ayy
Wait, I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more (Hold up, hold up)
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Damn girl what happened? (Hold up)
What happened? What happened?

First, you change your email
Then your number became private (Yeah)
Bet you think you found another nigga you can vibe with
Quit lying to yourself (Yeah), retrace all your steps
Fucking with them suckers
They gon' have you playing with yourself (Damn)
I’m a smooth operator; you don’t need a vibrator
Licking everything below the navel, 'cause I’m able
Ball so muhfuckin' hard, tape my ankle
Ball so muhfuckin' hard, check my bankroll (Yeah, yeah)
First, talkin' bout, you don't fuck with a nigga
Go out of town like you done with a nigga
Really ain't much you ain't done with a nigga
Shots, straight liquor, make a nigga wanna lick it
I put the "X" in "Exceptional"
I put the "X" into "extra," ho
I put the "X" into "X and O"
I got the game, I'm professional, yeah
My dick is the antidote
She like me on top like an antelope
That time I had smoked with your best friend
I wanted to fuck y'all on the patio
You miss when I kiss on your earring
You miss when I kiss on your clit ring
Thats why I put you in this sixteen
I’ll fuck you and watch on the big screen (Yeah)
You always say this is ya last time
You couldn't tell that at a campfire
You always say this is ya last time
You said that last time, girl wait

I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
You’re lying to yaself (Stop lying)
You compromise with yaself
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
You’re lying to ya self, (stop lying) you compromise with yaself
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Damn girl what happened
What happened
What happened

Know what I am saying, no auto tune on this shit Collegrove3Embed

