61 ContributorsMoney to Blow Lyrics
Richer than the richest (Yeah)
More money, bitches
Coming to you live from (Haha)
The city of Houstatlantavegas
So what it do, young nigga? One hundred

I am on a 24-hour champagne diet
Spilling while I'm sipping—I encourage you to try it
I'm probably just saying that 'cause I don't have to buy it
The club owner supply it; boy, I'm on that fly shit
I am what everybody in my past don't want me to be
Guess what? I made it, I'm the motherfuckin' man
I just want you to see—come take a look
Get a load of this nigga, quit fronting on me
Don't come around and try and gas me up, I like running on E
I, I, I, I'm on my Disney shit: Goofy flow
On records, I'm Captain Hook, and my new car is Rufio
Damn, where my roof just go? I'm somebody that you should know
Get to shaking something, 'cause that's what Drumma produced it for
Yes, I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for
Like leaving girls that love me and constantly seducing hoes
I'm losing my thoughts—I said, "Damn, where my roof just go?"
Top slipped off like Janet at the Super Bowl—I got 'em
You might also like
They can't help it (They can't help it)
And I can't blame 'em (And I can't blame 'em)
Since I got famous (Since I got famous)
But, bitch! I got money to blow, getting it in
Letting these bills fall all over your skin
I got money to bluh-uh-ow-ow, uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Uh-uh, oh, oh, I got—uh-uh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
I got money to bluh-uh-ow-ow, uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Uh-uh-uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Cash Money Millionaires, yeah
I got money to blow (Aw-aw! Yeah)

Richer than the richest (Richest), we certified getting it ('Fied getting it)
CM (Yeah), YM (Young), Cash Money business (Bitch)
Higher than the ceiling (Ceiling), fly like a bird (Like a bird)
Hit the Gucci store (Yeah) and later get served (Served)
We smoked out (Smoked out), with no roof on it
Them people passing (Yeah), so we smash on 'em (So we smash on 'em)
Ballin' out, we keep the cash on deck (On deck)
Lamborghinis and them Bentleys on the V-set (Set)
Louis lens (Lens) iced up with the black diamonds (Black diamonds)
Cartier, Ferrari, the new Spider (Yeah)
No lie, I'm higher than I ever been (Than I ever been)
Born rich, born Uptown, born to win
Fully loaded (Yeah), automatic 6 Benz (Benz)
Candy paint, foreign lights with my bitch in (With my bitch in)
Born hustling (Hustling), too big, nigga, to size me up (To size me up)
Kept stunting, more money, burning up
They can't help it (They can't help it)
And I can't blame 'em (And I can't blame 'em)
Since I got famous (Since I got famous)
But, bitch! I got money to blow, getting it in
Letting these bills fall all over your skin
I got money to blow, uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Uh-uh, oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
I got—uh-uh, oh (Ayy, ayy)
I got money to blow, uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Uh-uh-uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy)

Well, I get paid every 24 hours, money and the power
C—Come to V.I.P. and get a champagne shower
I don't have to worry because everything ours
And I got a big bouquet of Mary Jane's flowers—that kush
I promise, that's my dude, but we don't smoke that Reggie Bush
And I'm with two women—make you take a second look
We popping like champagne bottles, but we never shook
And we gon' be all right if we put Drake on every hook

They can't help it (They can't help it)
And I can't blame 'em (And I can't blame 'em)
Yeah, you under-dig?
Since I got famous (Since I got famous; Birdman)
But, bitch! I got money to blow (Junior)
Getting it in (So fresh)
Letting these bills fall all over your skin (Drizzy Drake)
I got money to bluh-uh-ow-ow (Ayy, ayy, big mansions)
Uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, popping bottles)
Uh-uh, oh, oh, I got—uh-uh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Atlantic in the backyard
Got that money to bluh-uh-ow-ow (Ayy, ayy)
Jet-skis, jets, yeah
Uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Uh-uh-uh-oh, oh (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, Pricele$$)
I got money to blow (Mula!)
C-M-B, baby
Yeah
Just like that
Brrat!
Big money popping22Embed

