4 ContributorsGimme Mine Lyrics\
Been runnin for too long
Been runnin for too long
(Yeah! )been runnin for too long
It's time to give me mine (better! )
Been runnin for too long (they better)
Been runnin for too long (they better)
Been runnin for too long (they better)
It's time to give me mine (because its)
Time to, time to gimme mine (yeah! )
Time to gimme mine (yeah! )
Time to, time to gimme mine (haha...)
Gimme mine, Gimme Mine (I'm so... far... ahead man! )
Time to, time to gimme mine
Time to time to gimme mine
Been runnin for too(hehe...) long
It's time to gimme mine
l
Yeah! What they talkin' bout Fee? they ain't saying shit
Nigga, we could hold court like Stan Smith
Or Judge Judy, you niggas better shoot me
Cuz I bought my mans a Glock, and I bought myself an oozi (brrr...)
Don't confuse me
No, they don't amuse me
I come after the money, like wednesday come after tuesday
I told stunna I'm wildin', he say 'don't worry I gotcha'
He told me 'cut they heads off, and bring them back to papa
Yeah! Them niggas getting scurred! Wurrd?
All that talk was just a whole bunch of verb
Pussy ass nigga got a whole bunch a nerve
I have em puttin' your picture on a bunch of shirts
Cuz I smoke a lot of weed, and drink a whole bunch of syrup
I like brain, so I fucks with a whole bunch of nerds
(Hehe) I am number one, cuz two is not a winner and no one remembers third
You might also like

Money is the topic baby
See I'm a giant, all these other niggas mocking baby
They microscopic baby
Big crib, I can't even hear em knocking baby
Headed to the top, like I'm tied to a rocket baby
To all the foreign women, lets make a tropic baby
I got so many bitches, I could make a compilation
I'd like to thank the haters, for your cooperation
I got that doctor chopper, if you want operation
Niggas this is my crusaders, kill for confirmation
We all got on masks, we bout to toxic waste em'
I hope they mama's raised em', (why?) cuz they got bitch ways
If they don't pay for you, they get you back dead
Real talk, stop walking on your back leg
Step into the lime light, bullshit backstage
I used to tote a 32 up in my crack days
I tote that AK47 in my rap days

Yeah! Come and get it (tell em), anyone can get it
But since I'm the president, I be a little more politic ha
I chillin' in the clinic
And guess how many nurses I got working on my dizick
Snakes in the grass, rats, and lizards
But round here snitches don't exist like wizards
Ho this ain't punch, I'm sippin' on some syzurp
I roll a fat joint and do my fingers like scissors
The game so cold, I done had my share of blizzards
And now I got that big money running like rivers
Nigga, I'm here to get my shit straight
Burner on the hip waist
Leave a nigga street full of bones like a fish plate (aow! )
Yeah I'm from the hood, but now I'm living in a rich way
That's why I got on my knees and thank God for this day
So say watchu wanna say, I need to throw a cup of water in my face
First place I
Embed

