38 ContributorsSkate It Off Lyrics
Mic check
This the motherfuckin' squad man
You know how we fuckin' it up...
Mic check
We the Fort Knox squad, watch the cream baby
Real squad shit man
Let's go, let's go

Wait, I just skated off on the plug, skrr, skrr
I just skated off like T. Pud, skrr, skrr
I just skated off, on twelve
With the work in one hand like Odell
With the work, yeah
I got eyeballs on the roof, on the roof
I keep nigga's skulls just for proof, nigga oh
Money so tall it could hoop, money go
I'm high on my I.D, my IG and IQ
Yeah, I just touched down, what's the scoop?
What's the scoop?
I just hear blasé, blasé, blasé, whoop-de-whoop
Whoop-de-whoop
Yeah, i just touched down, I'm going for two
(Let's go, let's go)
You just hear AK, AK, AK, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo-doo
I just touched down, what it do?
What it do?
Me and all my skaters in cahoots, in cahoots
Bitch, I just skated off like Nyjah Huston, switch
Think I need a cape like superman
I just skated off on drugs, on drugs
I just skated off sippin' mud, sippin' mud
I just skated off on the Xan, on the Xan
And we just skateboard, we don't dance in our Vans, nope
You might also like
I just skated off on twelve, fuck twelve bitch
Bout to board slide a fucking handrail
I just skated off in YSL
And I can eyeball work, fuck the scale, fuck the scale
I got eyeballs on the roof, on the roof
My slimer ollie off this fuckin' roof, fuckin' roof bitch
I got eyeballs on your squad, pop, pop, pop
I just skated off like a shot, so deep
I just skated off with Chaz Ortiz, Chaz Ortiz bitch
I just skated with some SB's, got some SB's bitch
I just skated off with Theotis
I got eyeballs on your whoodies, fuck you, got 'em
Keep your eyeballs off my guap-o, guap-o
I just skated off like El Chapo, Chapo
I just skated off when I chop
A gun in both hands, bitch I'm 'bout to do the Shaba, Shaba
Treat a Rolls Royce like a Honda, bitch back up off me
Nigga I'm the God, you Godiva
She gon' pop it off for a thug, yeah
I just skated off on her love, deuces
I just skated off on the plug
She just skated off on her hubs
I just skated off on a thot, thot bitch
And left her thong wetter than my yacht, why not?
I just skeeted off in your wifey (get a lot of  hoes)
While I got more cards than a psychic, I'm good
Black credit card, nigga swipe it, I'm good
We them niggas man
We good
Stripes in these streets, call me stripey I'm good
Long Beep....
Flying in these streets like a pilot
Tissues for the beef they keep crying 'bout the truce
I just skated off on twelve
Everything that's in my safe that's for bail
Yeah cause I know nigga's turning snake, we turning up
Yeah, I told my hoe I had to turn the page, she turned to drugs
Double barrel double dating double cup
And no matter how hard I fall, I get up, man fuck you going bitch?
I get up and try again, we call that rebate
Oh your bitch just want this D? Okay it's D-Day
I get flown off on her PJ
I'm gon' make my skaters rich, we ain't no cheapskates, no, no
That AK got that pop like the TJ
Yeah, in the streets we  get them sweepstakes
Fuckboi you a hater, what the streets say
These bullets turn your tomato to a v8
Yeah we juuging, we finnesin' very easy
We get the squad, looking for another squad to cremate4Embed

