25 ContributorsAin’t I Lyrics
Dedication 3, Young Money, nigga (Barack O-Drama!)
Dedication 3, Young Money, nigga (Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)
Dedication 3, Young Money, nigga
Jae Millz (Gangsta! AMG!)
Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!
We just shining on you niggas all crazy!
Hahaha! (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!) Let's go!

I'm the real, I'm the authentic, the fact and the truth
It's Jae Millz, brown skin, but I black in the booth
And for the green or that white, you'll see red
Mushroom bullets hit your body, and they spread
Then your ass dead, no need for a hospital room or a bed
Just tell his mama, "Get him some nice threads"
So at least he'll be a bitch-ass nigga dying in style
He didn't want to look up to me, now he gotta look down
Somebody better tell 'em: On these beats, I'm a beast
Half-man, half-animal like King on "Tekken"
I'll wreck him, and yeah, Young Money is what I'm reppin'
Respect 'em or I'll put you on that highway to Heaven
Matter of fact, pussy, you'll get your own lane
With no speed limits, so you can get there in a minute, ha
It's Dedication 3, it's no replacing we
That's like asking a group of Muslims, "Where that bacon be?"
Straight Grand Patrón flow, it's no chasin' me
And that amnesia is what my medication be
That's that Amsterdam grade-A, I'm smoking in the Netherlands
So high that I'll probably fucking never land, bitch!
You might also like
Motherfucking psychopaths
Young Money cavemen, motherfuck a Geico ad (Ill!)
Four-four, bulldog, fuck around and bite your ass
Shitting on you bitches, now let me flush the toilet and wipe my ass (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
Bitch, I'm balling, I like my cash—no, I'm lying, I love my dough
Got them hoes fallin' like a hundred million dominoes
But I don't eat pizza, I eat pussy
When he wouldn't
Holla at your guala, yeah, bitch, it's me
Kicking motherfuckers out the kitchen heat
I'll put you where the fishies sleep
And when they wake, you'll be the fishies' feast (Gangsta!)
Haha! Yeah, I'm a shark, you see my fin, ho?
Bullet leave a hole in your face, not a dimple
Straight from the N.O., it's no problemo
To put a nigga brains on the motherfucking window
Ugh! Damn right, I'm nasty
How I come through in that wide-eyed Aston
The leather guts, and might I add in:
It's black-on-chrome like Darren McFadden
Yeah, and don't be comparing my swag
With these wack-ass niggas that's oh-so-swagless
Yeah, and call me Mr. Swagmore
Got your girlfriend open like some fucking pores
Or open like some fucking doors
Nigga, it's, "Fuck you, and I'm fucking yours"
From the bedroom to the floors
Whores, haha!2Embed

