60 ContributorsIntro Lyrics
Tahaha
I heard somebody say, "Dram, where you been at?
Swiff D!
I said, "You ain't been paying attention to the game?
My DNA's everywhere!"
Tune, please remind these niggas

Ugh, kiss more, care less, bare chest, tattoos
Big chain, fat jewels, coupe on Shaq shoes
That dude bad news; rob, hijack? Cool
Black heart, black tool, crack on that spoon
Crack on that spoon, backbone don't bend
Them shoot at Tune, that boy don't flinch
I don't shoot back, I pay for that hit
And wait for that call that say, "We caught that fish" (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Homeboy got life, slap on that wrist
We bout' to start puttin' price tags on them bricks
Kidnap wifey, get facts from that bitch
My bitch hyphy, relax on that dick
Shake hands with killers, break bread with homies
Not with these hoes; that's a threat, not a warning
I'm a pimp under pressure, got the Smith and the Wesson
Got the A and the K; tell 'em niggas to spell it
I'm the shit and the urine, smell and whiff and inhale it
Quick to snap in a flash and get that picture developed
I cut your head off and wear it; I break your legs, get to stepping
She suck the red off a cherry, bandanna red, Bloody Mary
I smoke a blunt in the morning, I smoke a blunt after that
I give some bread to my homies, I don't want none of it back
I wear the crown when I sleep, I wear the crown when I fuck
I tear it down when I fuck, I read the Bible at one
I play the hand that was dealt, I got a deck full of aces
I gave birth to your style, I need a check for my labor (Damn!)
I need a Tec with a laser for the hecklers and haters
I ain't sure about Heaven, I need a recommendation, yeah!
Incarceration, with molesters and rapers
Late at night in they cell, hear them confessing their prayers
I'm a professional player, intellectual player
It's about a ton a piece, for the testicle weighers
Undetectable sprayers, make a mess like some crayons
Dead men can't talk, and to heck with a séance
Be expecting the chaos, be expecting the chaos
Young Money, motherfucker, we expect you to pay us
I'm gone!
You might also like
Depending on how I'm feeling
This might be the last time I tell you niggas
It's about the quality
It's about the streets
But most importantly
It's about the music!
DJ Drama!
Volume Two!
Tahaha...
Oh, yeah!
I'm still here!
Don't you ever forget!
Suckas!13Embed

