49 ContributorsGet ’Em Lyrics
You are watching a master at work
Yeah!
Haha! Drama, I'm back
This what y'all was waiting on?
Dedication 2, bah
I put a couple pounds on since the last go-around
Yeah, I ain't gon' even wait on 'em, I'ma get 'em now
We been eating around these parts!
Get 'em! (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

My block pumping, and I'm tryna keep that ho pumping (Ill!)
(G— G— G-Get 'em!)
My block pumping, and I'm tryna keep that ho pumping
If niggas snitching, then I let them niggas hold something (Gangsta!)
(G— G-Get—  G-Get 'em!) Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!

My block pumping, and I'm tryna keep that ho pumping
If niggas snitching, then I let them niggas hold something
If nigga owe something, need a doctor's note from him
Or his throat from him; these lil niggas? (Pay attention!)
Thinking they fresh—get whipped out your clothes, young'un'
I got it all, but I'll beat you like you stole something (Oh!)
My bitch trippin', say I treat her like my old woman
I tell a bitch I'm probably better off with no woman
Yeah, I get that brand-new money
I'm the boss, bitch—I'm touching every dollar that's coming
Stop playing, I know what I'm doing, let me get 'em
I hope his kids not with him
Y'all motherfuckers know me, I'm a rider in the side of the south
Got the money in the mattress and the guns in the couch
What up? Putting out cockroaches in the ashtray
It's payday 'til my last day, yeah
Walking that line with a lot on my mind
I get that money, never dropping a dime
I don't hate—never, not on my time
I'll put that little red dot on your mind
Talking that crime, but a lot of 'em lying, I'm—
Caught on the grind, never get off my grind, I'm a—
Pimp to these hoes, not a pimp in my mind, nah
And everybody know I'm sharp when I ride
Hop out that new Ferrari with that little horse on the side, yeah
Zoom-zoom, bitch, ride a nigga broom, witch
Half a ki', wet, stinking up your whole room, bitch
Now, break out the perfume, bitch
And niggas come from off that beach, I'm in that water like a cruise ship
Straight up, tell ‘em, I do’s this
One pistol, two clips; I aim at lips
Wayne that shit, shit on y'all
Given to you from the God: I am the God
You might also like
Gangsta Gri-Zillz!
A dedication!
Yeah
My nigga, Philant, rest in peace!
Yeah, yeah
Weezy Baby, the God
That's right
Hehehe
Fee, I had to!
Gangsta Gri-zillz!

Yeah, money on my mind, money-money on my mental
Super-super soaker, wet a nigga like a swimsuit
I think they sipping on that "I Can Fuck With Him" juice
Test me if you wanna, bad man, I knock a limb loose
I ain't never scared, I'm protected everywhere
And if a nigga disrespect me, then he shall be buried there
That's my word, got a urge to hit a nigga and swerve
And them birds in the tree get shot down to my feet
It's me, motherfucker, what's better to see?
And when you greedy like me, ain't nothing better than beef
See, I would meet each one of you niggas in the street
Then eat, and pick you little bitches out my teeth
Shout-out to the green and red stitches in my tee, nigga
With no Gucci, I'm a double-G, nigga
My brothers, you have sinned
And the God, I am, amen34Embed

