32 ContributorsThey Still Like Me Lyrics
OK, OK, OK. Mhm, mm, mhm. That's what I'm talking 'bout, man. I killed that shit, man. Man, that right there—it's easy, man. You know what I mean? Give me something else, man, Drama. I'm on fire, man, rock. Watch this, man!

Let's do this for Hollygrove!
Yeah
Can't forget Magnolia Projects!
Young
Shout to the N.O.! (Dramatic, nigga!)
Young
DJ Drama! Weezy F. Baby!
Dedication 2, let's go! (Dramatic)

Weezy, motherfucker, what it do? Holla at me
All the niggas tryna hate me, and them bitches tryna have me, I'm a—
Money man, yep, I get it from my daddy, ho
And boy, we can beef like Magnolia and Calliope
Hollygrove my barrio, let that automatic go
Test me when I'm chilling, and I kill you from my patio
Bitch, my shadow look good, I'm just feeling Weezy
Hop in my shit and say goodbye 'cause the ceiling's leaving (Gangsta!)
Believe me, they ain't tryna see me
Tell 'em I be the nigga with the burner in the beanie, I'm—
The fireman, she just call me when she steamin
I wet her up and put her out and leave the bitch dreaming
Niggas say they hot, but it's really not seeming
If these guys bad, then I gotta be a demon
Wayne's getting money like Damon and Keenan
Try, take it from me, and I'm aiming and beaming
Banging and leaving stains on the cement
Slide the crackers something so they tame the policemen
Left in a Porsche, came in a carnation
I'm fresh, yeah, the Gucci sweats came with the creases
I'm hot, but I'm cold, I just change with the seasons
Tryna put some cheese on my pieces
If you looking for your nigga, I be where the water gets deeper
Hugging on that money, tryna put it in a sleeper
Yeah, I'm here—who the fuck wanna say something?
Leave your whole head empty like a straight pumpkin
Make no assumptions, I'm hustling
Your girlfriend guzzling when you thought she wasn't
Name still buzzing even when I'm doing nothing
But I'm never doing nothing, 'cause I'm always getting money
It's that simple, jackass, if you don't get it, you're a dummy
And them niggas that diss me ain't nothing but pure pussy
Sure, honey, I done heard what you said
But if a nigga really cared, you'd already be dead
Just a young-ass nigga with some old-ass bread
Yes, I keep them dollars running like them bitches got legs
And my nigga Tez Po been riding with me since pegs
And my right wrist is looking like a cracked-open egg, that's—
White and yellow diamonds, adjust your lighting
I got 'em so mad, but, "Oh, I think they like me" (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)You might also like2Embed

