24 ContributorsNo Other Lyrics
I'ma tell y'all like this (Yeah)
I learn something new every day (What it do?)
More money, more problems!
Haha! Ayy, you already know (Gangsta Gr-Zillz!)
I always knew I was gon' make it
Yeah, listen, man
But you never know what you gon' go through
Yeah, my nigga, we got this shit
I'm glad to be here! (It's Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)
But sometimes, you wonder
Ayy-ayy, I tried told 'em (Gangsta!)
Is it worth it? But I done dedicated my life to this shit!
Cash Money millionaire!
It's nowhere to turn! (Ya know!)
So I'm in it for life!
I can't feel my FACE!
Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah, yeah!
And this what we do! (Gangsta Gr-Zillz)
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go! Hahaha! I told em!
I told y'all!
Shout out to Bun B!
Pay attention!
You might also like
Yeah, straight up D-boy, 17th Ward
Bitch, Katrina turned my city to a seashore
I keep going for them coins like Lyor
They gon' either respect me or: E.R.
Burnin' them bitches like a ci-gar
Punk, put a hump in your back, they call you "Igor"
War? This shit is hard, any yard where we are
We call that cocaine "rice"—I got that Condoleezza
Huh? You fuck with me, chump, I rock your teacup
I say, before you spend a dollar boy, put up the re-up
Yep! Get up, 'cause we up, foot up and knee up
In the game, put up or shut up, I hit your head up
Bukka-bang; the Birdgang and the Birdman J—
Lil Wayne, here to hang—other words, here to stay
Feel my pain! Fireman, I spark in the rain
I walk through the flames, yeah, all for the change, yeah
Call it insane, but I'm a hustler to the muscle
And them new drop Bentleys look like pussy in the summer
So I'm fucking that, hugging that block like I'm loving that
Never sell a crumb where my mother at—run with that
You can come at me for beef, and shots come with that
Your bitch come at me for wood, and I'm the lumberjack
I come in that Similac Maybach, shades black
Looking like I'm tryn' bring yay' back ASAP
Give it to 'em raw, no Ajax—taste that
Heh, fuck around and make your face crack
I know niggas that shoot dope, arms looking like a racetrack
Nigga missed a vein in his neck, his whole face fat
You can't take that? Well, I can't take back
Where I come from, so I learned how to make that (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
Yeah, turn that straight to a G stack
Stack up my cheese, now I'm screaming, "Where the keys at?" Weezy!
Big shout to the Dipset movement! (Trendsetter!)
Shout my nigga DukeDaGod! (Cannon!)
Shout my nigga Hell Rell!
I can't feel my FACE!
Twin, what up?
I really don't think they ready for this here
(The Aphilliates, nigga! Pay attention!)
Oh!

I'm live from block one-five-one
Where my young niggas on the rise to get a name, don't try them
Wayne, I feel your pain, and I see your stress
How they think your people 'posed to get through Katrina off a FEMA check? (Nope)
Coke in the Pyrex (Yup); dope and the ice, yes (Yup)
Mind on the highway, road signs, right, left (Yup)
And that's the mindstate of kids growin' up
Still they wonder why the crime rates goin up
Throw it up: Eastside, Westside, Southside, Northside
Fuck with my money, I torch guys, off guys (Gangsta!)
Hire men, fire men, send 'em to a higher man
("There he go") Torture 'em: vice-grip, pliers, man
Niggas turn to tinfoil when they see the iron, man
Pressure bust pipes, I apply it and
Move like a lion through the jungle, yes
There is none higher than me
Don't slip up and end wind up in the lion's den (Rrr)
Big body Benz idlin'
Higher than a chick that flight-attend or Air Force flyer, man
Bad bitches, I fly 'em in, fuck 'em
Send 'em back home hyped, feeling like they on nitrogen
Just call me the Pied Piper, man
Still get the coke through the pipeline, then off to the piper stem (Piper stem)
And I'm still getting paper back in rubber bands
I still got paper bags coming in
I still got that mattress with the paper bags under it
Comic books, Playboy baby mag under it, still!
I still got ties with my guys who don't speak no English
Them vatos, they got those cheapest (Cheapest)
Got no green card, got no visas
And got those Pablo features (Just watch)
They drop off and pick up; I pick up then drop off
Then drop off what's picked up, and then what? I do it
(Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And like that, we gone!
I told y'all!
I'm so dedicated!
Nothing can take me out my zone!
AMG!
If you support the movement, then we dedicate this to you
"Dedication 2!"Embed

