15 ContributorsSouth Muzik Lyrics
AMG is the movement! (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
Shout out to my nigga DJ Drama, man. You know you killing the mixtape game right now, man (Ill!). Niggas can't fuck with my homie. Homie gettin' the cover of magazines; homie's well known everywhere. And you know if you gon' do a mixtape, you gotta go through Drama. That's just how it go, man. Respect my nigga 'cause I respect my nigga, and I fucks with him, man. So, y'all look out for the fucking official "Gangsta Grillz" album coming. You know I'ma be on that thing doing what I do best, man. Weezy F. Baby, please say the "Baby." If you don't, your bitch will! Holla!

Haha! They calling this one here "Tha Carter 2"
See, we did the first "Dedication" before disaster
I see now why we named it that
Tch... It's scary, man (Yes, it is)
Obviously, it was a reason
Ayy (Ayy), did I get you yet? (Did I?)
"Dedication 2"
Did I fix you yet? (Have I?)
For those not with us no more
If I haven't,, well, you each down in my bag
We dedicate this to them (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
Get you what you looking for: that crack, ha!

My name Wayne, and I came to party
My watch an Icee, and my chain a Frosty
Them bitches like me, but they mans is salty
I ain't on strike three, but his brains'll cost me
I'ma chill, like waiting for the doctor
I'm awaitin' for the proper head doctor—
Hey, I need a check-up!
And mami telling me her man need to step up
I'm like, "Say no more, 'cause there's the door"
And my niggas like I ain't tryin' hate on yours"
I'm like, "Boy I don't save no whore"—oh, no!
I'm too small to go against the code
So I grab me a freak and be like, "Let's roll"
'Cause after the afterparty—
It's the muh'fuckin' bachelor party—that's what's up
Master suite, master: me
And we "Ungh!"-ing all night like Master P, yeah!
You might also like
Big shout-out to the A-Town! (Geah)
Shout to the Fourth Ward (Geah)
Can't forget the West side—Bankhead, what up? (Geah)
Gangsta Gri-Zillz! (Geah)
Shout to Adamsville!
Shout my niggas on Taylor Road (Hey!)

My name Wayne, and I came from money
I gotta pretty bitch with me, but her brains is ugly
Got a city bitch with me, but her brains is country
Yeah, a silly bitch with me, man—her brains is dummy
Be smart—I'll take the brains of dummies
That Desert Eagle "New Workout Plan": brain, then tummy
I ain't got no umbrella, and it's rainin' money
I'm dumb-better than these lames that's stuntin'
I run better, like Corey Dillon for the New England Pats
They like, "No, he didn't get that new Bentley, black and white"
Sure he did, no kiddin', know he kitted it
Know he told the dealer, "Make sure there's no equivalent"
So that makes this a one-of-one
That mean: none before it, none to come
Young Money, but the money ain't young; neither the night
So, what are you drinkin'? Make it a double—you in trouble, oh! (Trendsetter!)
Shout to my Chi-Town niggas
Shout to everybody in Detroit (Cannon!)
Duval County, what up? (The Aphilliates, nigga! Holla at your boy)
Dr— Dr— Dr— Dramatic!
Can't forget Memphis
Lil' Larry, welcome to the family!
"Dedication 2" (Ah, shit)
DJ Drama! (Ayy)
Gangsta Gri-Zillz! (Ayy)

My name Wayne, and I came to rock
I come a long way from turnin' cocaine to rock
Like the song say, "Get— Get your ass on up"
But her thong say, "Pull me down or to the side":
And I go and say, "Sweetie, can you open up your walkway?"
Bet I run up and down your hallway all day, shit!
Ain't nothin like a hard-day menage, ayy
I call it "three the hard way," oh!
Hollygrove hard case, star-face, Scarface
Very similar to my pa' face
I'm particular 'bout my court case
I ride fly: Look out the window—you saw space—I ride high
My interior tie-dye, I'm so superior
You lookin' at Cash Money's interior, you hearin' me?
Birdman J-R-uh, period
Holla at a nigga when you're serious—shit (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)2Embed

