34 ContributorsWorkin’ Em Lyrics
Young Money
Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!
Dedication 2!

That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Fee!)
That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Bitch, that's big )
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Shout to the Trendsetter)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (My nigga Don Cannon! Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
I be pimpin' them hoes, I be pimpin' them hoes (Shout to Cash Money!)
I be pimpin' them hoes, pimp— pimpin' them hoes (My nigga Slim, what's good?)
I be workin' them bitches, I be workin' them bitches (Baby, what up?)
I be workin' them bitches, work— workin' them bitches, yeah! (Oh!)

Weezy F. Baby, the motherfucking Carter (Yeah)
Bitches on my stick, but my name ain't "Harry Potter" (Ill!)
In fact, I'm very hotter—your girl say the same
And since we like to travel, she let us run a train (Choo-choo)
And my defense put me in the Hall of Fame (Geah)
I make her turn over every time we play the game (Bitch)
"My boy Wayne"—ask them niggas how I came
In a Ferrari, Jaguar, switching both lanes (Errrr!)
Living room in the kitchen on a plane (I'm high)
I get from A to B so comfortably, I—
Do my thing; y'all niggas so plain (Yeah, yeah)
I'm so fly—call me "Soul Plane" (Hey, wow!)
You might also like
That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Huh, Fee!)
That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Bitch, huh)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Gangsta! Huh)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah), I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah)
I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah), pimp— pimpin' them hoes (Yeah)
I be workin' them bitches (Yeah, yeah), I be workin' them bitches (Yeah, yeah)
I be workin' them bitches, work— workin' them bitches, yeah!

To him, I'm a killer (Yeah); to her, I'm a lover
I always wear a mask (Yeah), and I always wear a rubber
Yeah, I'm from the hood, but my crib in the suburbs (Suburbs)
They love a nigga vibe, so that's why I got the cover (Cover)
My nigga Mack Maine (Yeah) is like a brother from another
We from the same hood (Mack), we will kill a motherfucker (Yeah)
We eat you niggas' lunch (Hey), and to bitches, I'm supper (Hey)
She ask me to go down; I'm like, "As long as I fuck her"
I wear a lot of diamonds (Yeah)—see, baby, I'm a stunner
So ride a nigga dick for a baby-bear Hummer
And homie, you can have her (Oh), 'cause I don't really want her
You put your dick in her; I put that dick on her (Yeah! Oww!)

That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Geah)
That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (Geah, hey, hey, I put that dick on her, ha)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Hey, I put that dick on her, yeah)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Come on)
I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah), I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah)
I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah), pimp— pimpin' them hoes (Let's go)
I be workin' them bitches (Hey, hey), I be workin' them bitches (Hey, hey)
I be workin' them bitches, work— workin' them bitches, yeah! (Get down)
I'm hotter than fire, she wetter than a bitch (Oww!)
These niggas really pussy, and I'm harder than my dick
I show too much love for you to be a hater
I ain't home every day (Yeah, yeah), but I'm gettin' my paper
I know what's going on, 'cause I'm the creator
And since I'm so early (Huh), I holler at 'em later
I sound like sex coming through the faders (Bitch)
I'm the president, not the mayor (Oww!)

That's why your bitch want a real nigga (Ha) like me (Trendsetters)
That's why your bitch want a real nigga like me (On her)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Young Money! Cannon! My nigga Fee!)
She want to give that pussy to a nigga like me (Dramatic!)
I be pimpin' them hoes (Yeah), I be pimpin' them hoes
I be pimpin' them hoes, pimp— pimpin' them hoes (Mack Maine, what's good?)
I be workin' them bitches, I be workin' them bitches (My nigga Curren$y!)
I be workin' them bitches, work— workin' them bitches, yeah!

That was a Fee and Weezy Baby collabo'
What the fuck y'all gonna do?
Nothin'
D2, Drama, yeah!
A dedication!
Yeah
Rest in Peace, my nigga Proof
Rest in Peace, Big HAWK
I'm on that Chris Rock
Ninety-thousand on one hand4Embed

