20 ContributorsPromise Lyrics
Damn, she bad
Damn, she thick
And I may not know her perfect
But damn, she it
And she thick, and she right
Damn, she nice
You can be my judge, baby, yeah, I'll do life, give me life
And I know that you be dancing till your toes hurt
But I can make your toes curl, I can make your soul jerk
We can soul-search
And I also got that street credit, I got more work—
Than any dude you knew
Girl, I am a Blood, soo-woo, ahaha!
I hear you want somebody you can call "boo"
I will change my name to "Boo," and fuck around and call you
Now, what you wanna do? Haha
Because whatever that may be, baby, I wan' do that, too
And ooh, I could GPS you—ooh, what you going through?
Like a pair of wet-and-sticky Vickies, girl, I'm on you
Okay, ma, the mood is so right
Light two and take flight
My big bro T.I. is the king, I am your prince, your knight, right
You don't need a Superman
You just need a man like Weezy (Baby!)
Haha! And I can make you feel the same way
We can postpone and stay home like a rain-day
"She'll have the salad, just put her on Wayne's plate"
What you know 'bout having syrup poured on that pancake?
Nasty as I wanna be, or nasty as you like me to—
Be; I hope you like me too
But now, you know I like you, too
Three A.M. room service, serve ya
You can be my dessert, be my caramel sherbet
Call your mama, we can make a baby
And the way you work that mic in the video is so (Crazy!)
And that chair or stool move was cool
You make me wanna "ooh!"
But I'ma be cool, I need a moment
I think you are the finest human on earth
We can get together, I can help you with that homework
Take your ass to school, too, boo
Teach you all the rules you never knew
We need a moment
I could be your future, I could be your teacher
Be your professor, write down this lecture
You want some extra credit? Let me check your homework
I could be your tutor and help you with exams
No failing, or it's summertime for you, haha
You got them "Goodies," and I got a sweet tooth
Now, can y'all blame me?
Shit, Hov got Bey
And I just want Ci
See, I just wan' see if you're taller than me
No, really, I want see if you're my "Mrs. Carter"-to-be, haha
Yeah, I know, this is pretty awkward for me
But I just act like you are talking to me when you say...
You might also like
(Oh!) I mean everything that I say
From the bottom of my heart
I would never, never ever hurt you

(I open my heart) Believe that, and I agree that
Open up your heart to me and you won't get the key back
Ms. Ciara, you are colder then blue
And baby, I ain't talking to nobody else but (You)

(There's nothing I won't do)
There's nothing I won't do, baby
(To spend my life with you)
To spend my life with you
(I'll give my all to you)
I promise I will never lie to you, boy

Yeah, Weezy F
Who better? Who else? But me? Haha
Hey, sweetheart, I don't care what nobody say
Real niggas gon' respect it, you dig?
Ayy, darling, you are all that!
Whatever that is
I'd sure like to know
Let me cut that out man, ayy, straight up
I just did this, mama, 'cause you— you deserve it
Young Carter
I'm out!Embed

