22 ContributorsN.O. Nigga Lyrics
Drought 3
Yeah
Ain't shit safe
Hahaha
Bitch!
Oh, Streets!
Snack, let me get 'em!
Yeah!

You know we strap all day and ride all night
This is the life of a, the life of a
N.O. nigga, N.O. nigga
N.O. nigga, you know, nigga
Since the hurricane came, shit ain't been right
If you visit my city, you could lose your life in the
N.O., nigga, N.O., nigga
N.O., nigga, N.O., nigga

Come fuck with this flow, nigga, not my flow, nigga
No nigga—no young, no old, nigga
I'm cold, nigga, ice-cold, nigga
God flow, I spit bibles, nigga
Rifles, nigga, chop-chop, bitch
You pop and lock it and my gun'll lock and pop, bitch
My shit popping, like I'm Cris'
No Chris Brown, bitch, this Uptown, bitch
That Uptown shit, like, "What now!"
Shut up and shut down, bitch; now, sit down, bitch
We gets down, bitch; now, sit down, bitch
Don't make a sound, bitch; like a clown, bitch
That red dot cover your nose like a clown, bitch
So don't run 'cause I'ma gun you down, bitch
Bitch, don't I smell, don't I sound rich?
I'm like Stunna, I'm blowing out the pound, bitch
I don't need help, I ain't gon' drown, bitch
'Cause in the pool, I'm on the ball, like the round tip
Yeah, eightball, side pocket
I leave the club with two bitches in my pocket
Naked pictures to my Sidekick
Tell your bitch quit sending them pictures to my Sidekick
And quit instant messaging my IM
Myspace Tom, them bitches acting like I'm him
And fuck the best, nigga, I'm him
Bitches wanna fuck like they're me and I'm them
Yeah, they share me like oxygen
I got game within the game I got 'em in
I'm talking championship rings, I gotta win
We talking championship rings? I got ten
I'm on my champion shit, man, it's looking slim
For them, ha!
You might also like
Now pack y'all K's and leave y'all knives
This is the life of a, this is the life for us
Gorillas, coke dealers
Dope dealers, we go-getters
A body today and a body tonight
This is the life, nigga, this is the life of a
N.O. nigga, that 5, nigga
That 0, nigga, that 4, nigga20Embed

