24 ContributorsBest Thing Yet LyricsTell it to my nine bitch!

"You're the best thing yet"

D-D-D-Deezle on the beat
Shhhhhut up bitch... let Anita speak!
I think on the remix of this song I'mma get uh, Common and Kanye
Yeah... ok yeah

Anything he can do I could do better
I avoid trends and I'm still a trendsetter
Weezy just let em, just let em die
I got all the answers so they call me when why
What where who, you think you fly?
I'm up there too - you fly, I flew
I'm up there too
You know they say two, is better than one, time
I'm a pimp, pimpin all the time
So keep your two cents before I give your ass a dime
Pistol on my waist gonna need a funeral and wake
Cause I'mma put that motherfucker dead in your face
R.I.P. I know my history
Run DMC but my girl is only worry bout one DMC
And I'm the shit like I-M-T-H-E-S-H-I-T, haha!
You might also like
I do this! ..when I want to
Nah really I can't control it
Even if I didn't wanna do it
I would DO IT! Hahahaha
Yeah

Ready to battle anyone
I'mma go with God and a bag full of guns
Yeah I'm an animal hear me growl
You against me is like Man Vs. Wild
Me against you is like man versus child
Hehe and I am the man
It's Young Moolah, applaud my team
And we prefer red carpet if the floor's not clean
It's Mister, it's the microphone fiend
And they running with my words like I'm writing on jeans
Yeah, and if the lights could all scream
They'd sing my song, I like to be seen
I deserve to be heard if anything else
So I fear God and the world going deaf
Can you hear me now? Heh
Even the hip-hop vets tell me I'm the..

Scary!
Don't stop the beat, Deezle
'Cause I got the heat, Deezle
Like "diesel"
Yeah
Heh, I put it down like it's too heavy
But how can I with the world in my hands
Heaven in my plans
I swear, I am important like the evidence, I'm saying
I'm just trying to make my alphabets as heavy as I can
How do I live when I been deadly as I am?
I get props and every other extra credit that I can
'Cause see, I respect the merit of a fan
No homo, but please blow me to Japan
Okay, I'm getting hotter, I'ma need another fan
I keep going so here, I go again
Always trying to be better than I am
Label me the best and in the throne, I will stand
Why? Because I'm just a stand-up guy
Your hands smoking me 'cause I got your hands high
I pop a bean and bang Ja Rule when I cry
You only know me, but God knows I try
No X-ray show my insides
And I gotta stay in touch with my pimp side
So, tell your girl I said, "What's up? I said hi"
She like, "That's what's up," like the sky
Byrd Gang taking off bitch watch em fly
And paint the sky red like the Crimson Tide
Flow retarded, Special Olympics kind
That gold medal heavy, but it fit just fine
So, I just had to spit this rhyme
Spit like I'm tryna tongue-kiss this rhyme
Some say greatness gets better with time
So I bought a zillion watches but don't watch mine
You little fucks are so ironical
Nickel plus four is a nine millimeter
No starch but I tote i-ron
All out in the open like I'm in Iran
Young, champ-i-on, like a lamp I'm on
But, um, I could clap and then—lights off
Take no nights off, but my days the same
And people change but fuck it, nothing stays the same
And naw, I ain't speaking so don't waive the blame
Lock me up but you could never cave the blame
Gasoline, can you invision if our gaze was flames
No, you cannot stop my vibe, couple page a game
Dang, a game? Yep, well gimme some grave and flames
And if this camera shoots me dead, Lord save my chains
Lord save the rings, I am way too vain, hehe
Listen to that Kanye again
I play the game like I made the games
You playing like your trying to get traded mane
And you ain't gotta call me the greatest, man
But I am more of a dog than the greatest dane
You boys acting like ladies, man
Crying like you 'bout to have babies, man
And you can find me grinding on the days we playin'
And that's because I know the sun will raise again
And when it do, I'ma praise the man
They say, "You crazy, Wayne," but I just bake 'em, man
And that's Ms. Baker saying, that I'm the...
Hehe yeah
So, now I got..
I got the, I got the, I got the R&B vets saying I'm the
Hahahaha
Lil Tunechi, bitch!
Young Mula, baby3Embed

