9 ContributorsFireman (The Suffix) Lyrics
Weezy Baby
Shhhhh... The Fireman coming!
That's right! Hey!
Haha! Hey, the Fireman, bitch! That's right!
Ayy, Birdman! Tell them motherfuckers they gon' have to call...

I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire, come and try me and (I got 'em)
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out (I got 'em)
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

Ain't nobody fuckin' with me man
He-man, ski mask, spending next week's cash, he fast
And 'm real fuck a G pass, I'm past that
I'm passing 'em out now, and you can't have that
And my chain, Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors, you can't match that (Nah), gotta be abstract
You catch my bitch legs open, better smash that
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
I see she wearing them jeans that show her asscrack (Ayy)
My hoes can't wear that, why? That's where my crack at
I put my mack down, that's where you lack at (Yeah)
She need her candle lit (Yeah), and I'ma wax that
I rekindled the flame (Ya know), she remember the name (Ya know)
It's hard dick, January to December the same
Now, bitch, give me some brain, bitch, give me some good
Ho, I'm the fireman, you hear the fire truck
You might also like
I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire, come and try me and (Filthy)
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

Now, man, I hate a old fake-ass nigga
The chrome black eight is my brake-pad, nigga
They look me in my face and say "Amen," nigga
Looking like they done seen a dead man get up
The red bandizzle, representing red hot
Uptown Pep bizzle, shout out to B.Gizzle (Okay)
I hustle in the drizzle 'round my way, that's the drought
So holler at your boy without opening your mouth (Ya know)
'Cause that's the G-Code and that's all that I'm about
You die if you go against it, so I'ma live it out
I ain't got to pay for maintenance, what ain't broke, I don't break it
But I don't mend rules, unless I make 'em
And yes I take it, you niggas is getting sicker
You bitches coming, I'm taking about, please say the Baby (Ha)
Ha! Hollygrove where I come from (Ya know)
So that explains all that humbug, bitch

I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire, come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out (Yeah, yeah)
It ain't no secret, I know paper (Yep)
You got stacks, I got cake, that's dough by the layer
Shit, I seen it all through my Bottegas (Yeah)
Aviators, so Darth Vader, tshhh...
That's the sound of the Dutchie, no flavor when it blaze up
Lil Weezy Baby, so hazed up (So high)
Caged up behind a million bars of flame
Still make a million of these bars the same (What else?)
Ya'll bars to blame (Why), why I bought the thang
Long body, motherfucker, bring that short back, man
You cased out, Phantom, riding with a tandem (Yeah)
For now, 'cause after tonight, I can't stand 'em
Your child may sometimes think that I'm Santa (Yeah)
My style, the white Air Forces, red canvas
Tadoww! Yeah, DVLP on the beat
And me, I just come with the heat! I'm the motherfucking...

I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

Yeah
C2, C2, C2, C2, C—
You can't see me, but I see you
And I see you, Lord!
I-I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I-I-I got 'em
Aye, aye P, I got 'em
Aye, aye B, I got 'em
Aye, aye D, I got 'em
Aye, aye Boo, I got 'em
Aye, aye Spitta, I got 'em
Aye, Raw Dizzy, I got 'emEmbed

