92 ContributorsLoyal (East Coast Version) Lyrics
Young Mula, baby!
Haha, you thought it was over?

I wasn't born last night
I know these hoes ain't right
But you was blowin' up her phone last night
But she ain't have her ringer nor her ring on last night, ooh
Nigga, that's that nerve
Why give a bitch your heart when she rather have a purse?
Why give a bitch an inch when she rather have nine?
You know how the game goes
She be mine by half time, I'm the shit, ooh
Nigga, that's that nerve
You all about her, and she all about hers
Birdman Junior in this bitch, no flamingos
And I done did everything but trust these hoes
(CB fuck with me!)

When a rich nigga want you
And your nigga can't do nothing for ya
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah, yeah, let me see
See Chris Brown LiveGet tickets as low as $58,500You might also like
Just got rich
Took a broke nigga's bitch
I can make a broke bitch rich
But I don't fuck with broke bitches
Got a white girl with some fake titties
I took her to the Bay with me
Eyes closed smoking marijuana
Rolling up the Bob Marley, I'm a Rasta
She wanna do drugs (Drugs)
Smoke weed, get drunk (Wasted)
She wanna see a nigga trap
She wanna fuck all the rappers (Let me see)

Uh-huh, when a rich nigga want you (Want you, baby)
And your nigga can't do nothing for ya (Nothing, no)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (No, they ain't)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah, yeah, let me see

Black girl with a big booty
If she a bad bitch, let's get to it, right away
We up in this club
Bring me the bottles
I know, girl, that you came in this bitch with your man
That's a no-no, girl
All this money in the air, I wanna see you dance
Just got rich (Got rich)
Took a broke nigga's bitch (Yeah)
I can make a broke bitch rich
But I don't fuck with broke bitches (Girl, it's you)
Uh-huh, when a rich nigga want you (Yeah, yeah, want you, baby)
And your nigga can't do nothing for ya (No, nothing, oh no)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (Oh-oh-oh no)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let me see

(Haaan!) Once Cîroc in the system
Ain't no tellin' will I fuck them, will I diss them?
That's what they be yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em (Haaan!)
LVs, Hermes, Dolces
Them hoes, ain't loyal, man, they rotate
School me to the game, now I know my duty
Put her in the Lotus
She was ridin' in that hoopty (Whoop!)
Fuck that bitch, I got my own ho
Fuck your weed, I got my own smoke
Had to put my mink back on
Tell that bitch, put her ring back on
Montana!

Come on, come on, girl, why you frontin'?
Baby, show me something
When I call her, she gon' leave
And I bet that bottom dollar she gon' cheat
Come on, come on, girl, why you frontin'?
Baby, show me something
You done spent your bread on her
And it's all for nothing (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let me see)
Uh-huh, when a rich nigga want you (Want you, baby, babe, woo!)
And your nigga can't do nothing for ya (Can't nothing for you)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (Oh, no)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah, yeah, let me see (Woo!)
Uh-huh, when a rich nigga want you (Yeah, want you, baby)
And your nigga can't do nothing for ya (Oh, woah-oh)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (They be playing games, yeah)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Oh, yeah, yeah, let me see

Yeah, let me see
Yeah, yeah, let me see
Let me see
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal
Let me see288Embed

