22 ContributorsMute Lyrics
Turn the music up
Uh, uh

She say, "But why you got so many" (Many, uh)
I say, "Ooh, do I smell envy?" (Envy)
She say, "But why you be so friendly?" (Friendly)
Then she say, "Gimme, gimme, gimme"

Hoe, shut the fuck up, uh
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute, yes, Lord
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute
Hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe (Uh)
Hoe, hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe
Hoe, hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute

But I ain't got time, to go back and forth with no bitch
What a tangled web we weave, I got arachnophobia bitch
I told her, "Stop tripping," she kept tripping
Same reason I've left women
That's some real shit, bitch don't step in it (Message, alright)
That's an ass, no questions asked
Keep talking, we'll never last
Some of these hoes want a wedding band
Some hoes cool with leather bag
Pop it off, do something for it
Open your mind, I got something for it
Talk is cheep, talk is cheep
And guess what, I can afford it, goddamn
You might also like
And it ain't trickin if you got it, yeah
Bae if I got it, then you got it, yeah
Bae if I got it, then you got it (Sean Don, G.O.O.D.)
Sellin' all this shit I ain't, you know you got it (I just stopped caring, okay?)
You know you got it (Look)

Bitch, you better cooperate
I got no patience, but I'm Dr. Paid
So you better get the hell out my face
Talking loud like I really give a fuck what you got to say
You acting high off a line like Dr. J
Respect me like Dr. King
Check looking like a doctor bill, I made a mill
I'm working on another M now like Dr. Dre
Attention to the damn dollar, that's ADD (Oh God)
I never take away, only A-D-D
And I'm making power moves like- Umm
Back, forward, right punch, kick, A-B-B (Hadouken)
A couple of my homies weren't too good at school
Man, they really couldn't crack that ACT
But they could damn sure crack that ADT
It ain't safe in your crib, where the safe in your crib?
She wine fine but I'm Sean Don
Double OG, like Sean Conn
Me and Cash Money records taking over for the nine-nine
If I ain't top ten, stop lying
I spit the verse of the year, like nine times
And I won't let the fuck up
And I'm finna write a novel, called, "Shut the fuck up"
Bitch, quit playing
Wayne I got you
She say, "But why you got so many" (That's my own business)
I say, "Ooh, do I smell envy?" (Stop hatin', man)
She say, "But why you be so friendly?" (Bitch, mind yo business)
Then she say, "Gimme, gimme, gimme"

Hoe, shut the fuck up, uh
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute, yes, Lord
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute (Fuck wit' em)
(And I wish a nigga would, I wish a nigga would)
Hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe (Huh, money)
Hoe, hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe (Do the money dance)
Hoe, hoe, shut the fuck up, hoe (Do the money dance)
I just give my bitch some loot, that shit like pressing mute (Money dance, yeah)8Embed

