24 ContributorsHeavy Chevy Lyrics
What up, bruh?
What up?
So, y'know, I was thinkin', right?
Y'know, since we doin' the "He Rap He Sang" album, I figured
Y'know that you from N-O, right?
Mhm, mhm
Right, right, and I'm from Florida
Tallahassee
Right, so I got a couple things to, like, teach you
Okay
That you probably need to know about
Since you came to Miami now
I did
And you know what I'm sayin'
You pretty much a certified Florida boy
Woo!
So is it cool if, like, I just teach you a couple things you need to know?
It's not much, all you gotta do is sit back, relax, take it in, you ready?
No worries, no homo
Alright, let's go

Heavy Chevys, heavy, heavy Chevys, man (Bitch)
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man? (Bitch)
Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
Yeah, I like this, a'ight big bruh, fall it out
Big, big paper, we ain't fuckin' with no petty change
Heavy Chevys, heavy, heavy Chevys, man
I see you, I think I got this one, I think I got it
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man?
Y'know, I was taught by like, Trick Daddy
And y'know, the real Dunk Ryders
Heavy Chevys (Alright), heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
Let's see what I got (T-Double)
Big, big paper, we ain't fuckin' with no petty change
(Tha Bizness)
You might also like
So let's start with the
'72 Chevelle, I know that well
'Cause everybody try to buy that bitch from me
But I will never sell, hell
Mids and highs and 4-12s
24 inches, chopped seats, complete with the Pirells, yeah
Inside got baby blue 'gator scales
Even on the bottom of the seat, you can see the 'gator tail
My shit hard as a turtle shell
Plus I got a mothafuckin' motor that'll make them tires yell
When I was 11, dawg, I learned 'bout my Chevy, dawg
I burned the Pirellis off, convertible, take it off
Believe my leather stayin' soft
That's why I'm at the start line, 'bout to take it off

Heavy Chevys, heavy, heavy Chevys, man
A'ight, see? (I see) You gotta learn, big bruh (I see, I see)
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man?
Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
Now, I kinda want you to come back and tell me what you learned from my lesson (Okay) Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Big, big paper, we ain't fuckin' with no petty change
Mhm, I'ma finish hittin' the weed first
Heavy Chevys, heavy, heavy Chevys, man
Right, right (Can I hit that bitch one more time, please?)
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man?
Oh, but of course, but of course
Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
But still, I need to know that you know that I know that you know (Okay)
Big, big paper, we ain't fuckin' with no petty change
Let me get somethin'
Well, I went and got that new Chevy truck, the one without the little man step
And I love that bitch so much, tomorrow I'ma wear the fan belt
Speakers in the bed sound like I got band help
Beatin' down yo' block, leave you with a damn welt
I used to have a '64 a few years ago
I had that bitch on three wheels on one of my old videos
Now I got a honey SS, I call it Cheerio
But my neighbors call it, "Please turn down the stereo!"
Now cut that hoe up louder
24 karat gold pipes on the low Impala
See Pain, I knew a lil' somethin', but thanks for the lesson
As a matter of fact, y'know what? I'ma buy you a Chevy

Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man?
Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
See, see Pain I ain't gon' lie, when I got to Florida
Big, big paper, we ain't fuckin' with no petty change
I haven't saw that many Chevys in my life
Heavy Chevys, heavy, heavy Chevys, man
I meant to say "seen," but um
Why are these streets nothin' but heavy Chevys, man?
In the spirit of Chevys
Heavy Chevys, heavy, h-heavy Chevys, man
I'ma switch to T-Wayne and take it back
I said, a long, long time ago
I can still remember how that music used to make me smile
And I knew if I had my chance, I could make the people dance
And maybe they'd be happy for a while
Oh, but February made me shiver with every paper I deliver
Bad news on the doorstep
I couldn't take one more step
I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride
But somethin' touched me deep inside the day the music died
So bye-bye Ms. American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
And them good ol' boys was drinkin' whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die, day that I die1Embed

