5 ContributorsAll I Know Lyrics
Sqad up nigga!
What you thought it was?
Ya know…. It’s young Wizzle ya know…
Nutt the Kidd you know!? ..
Gudda Gudda ya know?...
Raw Dizzy ya know?
Fe – Holla at ‘cha boy
Birdman – ya’ll better go cop that…yea

My only fear is to hear my people screaming in Church, (yea)
Putting me in a hearse to go six feet in the dirt
So I want to be prepared for the worst
I keep my Glock on burst – never on safety, ‘cause niggas hate me, (hate me)
And while niggas choose to hate –
I choose the tool I’m gonna use to blues your face, (blaow!)
Then cruise the state, right after I lose the case, (holla)
My nigga, I’m getting so high I can get me some clothes and move to space, (that’s a….)
A Mazant-made mobster, (yeah) niggas praying they can stop us, (uh-uh) S-q-a-d ain’t another gang hotter, (yeah)
No real niggas on your team we’ll rearrange your roster (what!?)
?My? (whoah!)
If you don’t know, I am the original don dada
I’m not don dada but I ?
Believe – youngen’s explosive man through your bombs up
3-2-1 times up, Sqad up! holla
You might also like
All I know… is…
Is got my hustle on, get my grind on, and keep that iron on me
All I know… is…
Stack loot, pack tools, if it’s bad then I’ll jack you  X2

I keep my mind on my money, the boy is focused, (Gudda…)
20 keys, Vaseline wrapped in a Focus, (Gudda…)
Approach us – and  I’ll be on your porch with toasters, (holla)
Like – give me all them jewels and dope cuz, you owe us, (us nigga)
And if you looking for blow, dog
Your boy got more white than a snow storm, (snow storm..holla) holla at your the young don (woooooo)
Still slicker than a python – (woah)
Six coupe kitted with the pipes on, (oh)
K.G.’s slick sit tight fit right on it,  (21’s)
9 milli with the light on it
Guaranteed to take your life homey, (goodbye)
And I do it for the stripes homey, (stripes)
Gudda ride at night with the muther fucking fire on me. (fire!)
I’m the type of cat that’ll take your wiz, (take her)
Take her home let her ? the kid – (amen)
What I mean is: have my way with her face and shit (biatch)
Then let Wayne Head take the bitch (biatch)
It’s Gudda Gudda yea
All I know is…
Raw Dizzy:
Is got my hustle on, get my grind on, and keep that iron on me
Wayne:
All I know is…
Stack loot, pack tools, if it’s bad then I’ll jack you  X2

Got to get it grinding
Got to get it for the sake of cake
Never fake – I  bet I’ll kill you for the sake of sake
Youngen full of ambition like whatever it takes
Never a day a snake make me/break me, I’m too thorough (whoah)
You no see tomorrow if you try it (no!)
Youngen wrap up the game  - I two-tied it
I move silent, like gangstas and mobbers
Murderers and robbers relate to my problems
This take all the way back to the days I was starvin’
Caged in apartment, youngen Country-Cajun from Mazant, New Orleans
Raised in the part, where the crazies where caught
Base babies, and cases over babies were fought – (woah!)
But not in court, but in the middle of the court – so pull up a seat, (ok)
Watch a bitch get beat until her fetus’ at her feet
This is only for the streets, I am only from the streets!
Came in the game with them ? on my feet, (okay?)
Now I’m trading lanes with the chromies? on the jeep, (arrr!)
Just the homey, I ain't deep
No phony in me
I vow in holy matrimony with the heat, (I do)
Little whodie act a donkey with the piece, (I do)
Spent all my change paying dues, I’m at peace
And right when it seemed that the team was in defeat, (ok?)
I snatched the ball from cousin, beat the buzzard by 3, now the buzzards’ over me, (ok!)
And cousin’s looking slim, (ok!)
And I won’t stop ‘till Sqad Up and the buzzards over them
I Say – I won’t stop ‘till Sqad Up and the buzzards over them (nigga…)
Sqad Up
All I know is…
Raw Dizzy:
Is got my hustle on, get my grind on, and keep that iron on me
Wayne:
All I know is…
Stack loot, pack tools, if it’s bad then I’ll jack you  X2

Ya know
Weezy… Weezy baby’s on the track
Yea yea yea, this is Gangsta Sqad Up nigga
Fuck with it…
Fe I see you
Wanye here
Ce C, T. baby and Raj Smoove holla back
Young Yeezy… Supa blanco… we here
Uh, uh…. T-Streets..
Weezy baby..
Birdman, the D Boys,yah
CMB, yah
The Birdman November 26th biatch!Embed

