6 ContributorsTwo Words Lyrics
Chyeah
What’s really good, Dizzy?
Chyeah
It’s your nigga Weezy Baby, man
Yeah
I’m in the building with you, man
I see you nigga
Solo dough is the best dough
I be you, nigga
Let’s get ‘em

We in the streets, nigga, get your mail
It’s only two places to go, nigga: dead or in jail
Yo
Ayo, ayo
Look, now throw your hands up, hustlas, gangstas, bustas
Wankstas, everybody, fuck that
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

Two words: lil nigga; small feet, short arms
Lil Wayne, Weezy Baby, motherfucking Hot Boy
Pop me, hate me, I’ll be right there
Two more: Young Money, Cash Money millionaire
Two words: Uptown, one-seven, rep that
Nine-six, young me, Front Street, wet crack
Two words: black shit, black card, black fit
Back door, black gun, black clip, silver bullet
Red shit, headshot, dead quick, sad death
If anyone said shit, everybody snooze
Two birds, shaved them, turned them to pavement
Drought come, raise them price tags, break them
White flags, wave them high if try him
What? Why? Three words: “Die, nigga, die”
Two words: two-seaters, two blunts
Two thirds of the time, Reel with me
Singing like a hummingbird
You heard shit right, Carter here, get right
Niggas better hold on, bitches better sit tight
Two words: high-yellow, long hair, thick size
Sixth side, naughty girl, good girl, Uptown
All-time playa playa, good game, hood rich
Don’t be fooled, got tools like Goodrich
Two words: blap-blap! Aftermath, white sheets
After that, clear block, ghost town, white streets
Still going, won’t stop, paid quick, never that
Hot Boys, as a group, nothing can compare to that
Two words: bounce back, bounce-di-bounce back
Dig this, bid that, how you loving that?
Power move, yeah, Dizzy, get dough, get more
If not, what we spitting for? Shit
Prada cap, Prada jeans, Prada kicks, Prada sack
Who’s that boy? Boy, two words: holla back
You might also like
Look, now throw your hands up, hustlas, gangstas, bustas
Wankstas, everybody, fuck that
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, listen

Yeah, two letters, two numbers: AK-47 (Yeah)
Sending y’all bitch niggas to two words: Hell or Heaven
Better tell the reverend and confess to your sins
And hope God forgive the fake shit that you did (Pussy)
Downtown, Uptown, stand up
Bitch niggas, man up; M-Zone, that’s us
Big gun, two clips; lil’ gun, few tips
Dum-dum, flip-flip, numb-numb, stiff-stiff
Yeah, it’s like back-back and forth-forth
Snap back the four-four and *pap!* at your throat
No yap-yapping no more, fuck who hates me
I live by two words: “Fuck you, spray me”
Yeah, yeah, what? Who? Wait, we
Come through eight deep, everybody move!
Damn, bam, what’s loose, ain’t me
Takeover games …Embed

