5 ContributorsPublic Announcement Lyrics
Yeah, yeah haha its nothin haha you know
They gotta problem with me this time boy, yeah, let me light up
I think you know me by now

But allow me to reintroduce myself I get ghost! I’m an h to the og!
I knock niggas off your block by the og!
A young gangster, still spending ogs, move snowflakes in the winter make cold g!
Ice draped im a cold g! Just soon as I know that ice break ima hold me down
Another one of lifes greats buck 50 tryna hold at least 38 long stat police pounds!
I ain't speaking weed or weight
Bout to overscope twos that will read your face
Im all hollygrove I do it for eagle sake
Man the hustler to hard not to plead my case!
So i get me two broads three champagne cups, cristal, and o.j leave minosa fucked
I got my kosher up, as that green people know me for
You know it’s something with niggas know you for money
But homie dont make me put the prayer down and toasters up yeah, ice dripping off my necklace, wait yes this make kids think weezy wet a frozen cup
No breakdown can hold me up, need a can to slow me up
Boy boy flow is tough
If i ain't dope enough, i got a needle full of heroin
I pop the trunk and open up ya know
Hurry up and buy cuz i got tommy and weed curled up inside!
And ruger close by, we focused on intruders we shoot em and give em two to both eyes shit!
I sit on wednesday watch tuesday go by used to lay on monday, shit cuz im living for the weekend
We ball like we was born in sedan, call me the sedan in the army that i stand in
Im armed with the cannon, booyah, I kill a nigga then ah woo sa
I got a chill and fall back, i smack a young bitch with a million in stacks
I got a building in the back of my pocket
So i dont sit down i just keep on griding
I steve ??? tackle my assignment , plus you niggas is a minus, honest
I be young carter Glock in the spine, i even try you will not leave alive!
And his homeboys will not even ride
They get a few t shirts and put him in around
You can't see me, i put him in a blind
I only got headshots i put him in a mind
Think nigga, the evenings young
Ill see yall boys I'm Weezy, one!You might also likeEmbed

