156 ContributorsMy Nigga (Remix) Lyrics
I'm talking 'bout putting on, riding out, Glocks in my ma's house
Front you with that work (I done fronted niggas work—uh-oh!)
You say you want that head-up, but we don't fight fair, bruh
Catch you slipping from the backside, then knock you out
Ace gon' stomp you out, then Buddah gon' stomp you out
(Has mama ever seen you with a busted eye and busted mouth?)
Nine milli pokin' out, four-fizzy pokin'gout
Death Row days, show you what this West Coast about
I'd die for my motherfuckin’ nigga
Jump in front a bullet for my motherfuckin’ nigga
On the stand, I'd lie for my motherfuckin’ nigga
Rob a bank, I'd drive for my motherfuckin’ nigga, real talk
I don't really fuck with too many niggas
'Cause niggas drop a dime on you like a couple nickels
I be laughin’ to the bank like the fuckin’ money tickle
Driving somethin' that you ain't, top off; suck a nipple
And I never put a ho before my bro, don't beef over no ho
And my niggas sell them keys if you can't open your door
Hope you ride for my motherfuckin’ niggas
When it rains, it pours; it's dry for me and my fuckin’ niggas, yeah
I kill for my motherfuckin’ niggas, vice-versa
Eyes red from the kush I blew; white person
Got my middle finger on the trigger, and with my little finger to you niggas
I swear it's fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Owww
See YG LiveGet tickets as low as $170You might also like
I said, I'ma ride for my motherfucking nigga (Tunechi!)
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
I've been grinding outside all day with my niggas
And I ain't going in 'less I'm with my nigga
My nigga, my nigga
My nigga, my nigga (My motherfucking nigga!)
My nigga, my nigga (My nigga, my nigga)
My nigga, my nigga, yeah

Ohh! I done spent a million dollars on my motherfucking niggas (Flex!)
You catch me out Chicago with them motherfucking hittas (Flex!)
Call up RondoNumbaNine, Lil Durk to bring the trigger (Ayy, Durk!)
And when we on the lean, we ain't fucking with the liquor (No!)
I'ma buy a hundred bottles just to give it to the bitches (To the bitches)
She keep liking all my pictures
'Cause she see the way I ball, how my wrist and neck be lit up
Catch you at the red light, have 'em screaming, “Caine, get up!" ("Get up, Caine!")
Same nigga from the bottom, ain't a damn thing change
C—C—Catch me out in Collins, screaming, "Money ain't a thang"
In a red Mulsanne, looking like I claim Blood
And if homie ain't my homie, then I know it ain't love
Screaming out, "4 Hunnid!” YG, that's my nigga (My nigga)
'Cause I been in the field, life on the line, with him
And if it's really real, I'll prol'ly die with him
'Cause when I need the choppers, I just tell Tak, "Hit 'em," what!
I said, I'ma ride for my motherfucking nigga
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
I've been grinding outside all day with my niggas
And I ain't going in 'less I'm with my nigga
My nigga, my nigga
My nigga, my nigga (My motherfucking nigga!)
My nigga, my nigga (My nigga, my nigga)
My nigga, my nigga, yeah (I—I—I, I—I—I—I—I—)

I just got 250 thousand dollars for a verse, nigga
I—I—I don't know, is it me or it's your thirst, nigga?
You nig— You niggas ain't got no joints
Like they injured Chris Paul, you ain't got no point
I just come through with a couple bossy bitches
They get money too, they some "don't cross me" bitches
Flossy bitches, Sergio Rossi, bitches
And if we at the game, then it's floor seat, bitches!
I—I—I—I—I—I ride for my bitches
I'm so fuckin' rich I cop rides for my bitches
Dollar menu, fries, apple pies: other bitches
I drop a freestyle and get a rise outta bitches
Bitches, my bitches
I need a nigga with some different strokes, Todd Bridges
Shout out to my main bitches and my side bitches
Need a nigga with some good neck, ostriches
My niggas
I said that I'ma ride for my motherfucking nigga
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
I've been grindin outside all day with my niggas
New York to Compton
And I ain't going in 'less I'm with my nigga
Got YG with me, so don't get stomped in, uh-huh
My nigga, my nigga
Y'all know who the fuck it is
My nigga, my nigga (My motherfucking niggas!)
See, I done preheated my oven to 350 degrees, bitch!
My nigga, my nigga (My nigga, my nigga)
My nigga, my nigga, yeah

And when it come out, it's gon' burn you bitches like
You better get your motherfuckin' oven mitt, bitch!
(Mustard on the beat, ho)
Ha-haaa!
Young Mula, baby!294Embed

