40 ContributorsGo Brazy Lyrics
Ride with mula, yeah thats the mob
Come check with Dram, and do ya job

I'm not worthy of your controversy
I'm not thirsty, baby, I'm allergic
Colder than a hockey jersey, dirty like Kentucky Derby
I was lying on a gurney, I don't wanna die early
I was screaming "Fuck the world," you was singin' "Like a Virgin"
Never be concerned or worried, 2 girls, like Laverne and Shirley
Wake up in the morning early, tell 'em that I love 'em dearly
They say "Oh my God, have mercy," shinin' like I got on Jergens
You can hear my diamonds screaming like they just met God in person
Oh my God the squad alerted, I confirm it
They hop up like Kermit, come to bless you like a sermon
My house lit like Pee-Wee Herman's and you know I bought it furnished
I'm determined like attorneys, y'all lil boys ain't got attorneys
I just hope she not a burden, I just hope she got a purpose
That first week was power surgin', oh my God, the socket workin
I been listening to the money, it been telling me it's coming
Sound like music to my ears, like a symphony of hundreds
Mama told me I'd be special, Grandma told me I'd be something
I made sure they wasn't guessin', made the most out they assumptions
Being everything but simple, stretch a dollar like a limo
Got a grill in one dimple, got my deal without a demo, Tunechi
You might also like
Ride with Mula, yeah that's the mob
Come check with Dram, and do ya job
Thanksgiving is the name, IceBox did the chain
Rolex for the watch, motherfucker, Plain Jane

I got issues, I got problems, we got missiles in the chopper
Got a hoe from the Bahamas, let me swordfight with her tonsils
Brought the hoe up in the condo, had a party with Fernando
I got condoms in the dresser, Percocets all on the mantle
All they handle, name a bitch that I ain't fuck and I'ma bag her
Keep it real, if I ain't fuck then my bros Tune and Mack done had her
Got a bitch cook like a chef, I had a hoe from out the Memph
She like to suck dick wit no hands, she say she do shit with no help
Control myself, I been working overtime, I owe myself
I like my bitches thick and quick to go and lick below the belt
I brought a Ghost to Hollygrove, flew your ho out to my shows
What happen on these tour buses? Like Vegas, nobody knows
Got a plug on line one, had to put momma on hold
Talking numbers tryna see how I’m gonna get Mama that Ghost
Talking big money for sure, I don’t trick money to hoes
I’mma keep running 'til I’m getting three hundred a show
Yeah bitch, ride with the Mob, slob on my knob
Get some bitches back to work and do the dishes, that’s yo' job
I’ve been sipping, if they say I ain’t that nigga then they lying
I put coca on the table, made her read between the lines
I sit back waiting my time, now I’m flexin’, now I’m winnin’
I’m at Saks or I’m at Lenox, credit card ain’t got no limit
Got a Mac with a extension, want see murder? Be a witness
Y’all lil boys just mind yo business 'fore y’all swimmin with the fishes
Wait, yeah, I got the wave, I got the juice, I got the sauce, yeah ho
Smoking the green, really it’s verbal, so I’ll be calling it hard
Woah, South Beach with a bad bitch, I was just in the trenches
I was just in a Honda, now I’m skrrting in a Bentley, Jones
Why don’t I use social media? Hold on. That’s why! I’m way too high for that shit, man. I will be pressin' all kinds of wrong shit. I can’t follow ten- two fuckin' directions . Everytime I try to fuckin' order something, uh, you know what I mean, if it got two extra fuckin' screens that you gotta go through, I’m straight. You know what I mean, it’s just too much. Probably gotta be the same button to pressed to accept the shit, or deny the shit. I wouldn’t know
That’s why I don’t fuck with social media. There ain’t no other reason you know what I mean? People probably think I got like a real strong reason. Like, you know what I mean, no, ‘cause, nah man, I just don’t know how, and I be way too twisted. Like, way too twisted to be fucking with that
I don’t really text, none of that, like it’s just tough
It’s just, like, I’m not tech-savvy at all, I’m just sorry
But if you come sit down with me and smoke one with me, I mean you’re gonna have an awesome time. It’s just what it is. I’m very social5Embed

