28 ContributorsWeezy N Madonna Lyrics
You can throw up peace, I'm throwin' squad up
Had to get the dreads bleached, the James Blonde look
I'm 'bout to put my hands on her like E. Honda
'Cause she walkin' around in a Young Money Tee without a bottom
She squad
It's a Secret society, these niggas tiny, I'll be your body
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team
From the rooftops

Young Tune winnin' now
You know I been winnin' then and now anyhow
Anyway, don't start no shit if you can't finish loud
I've been away, I've been around
I've been busy doin' business
Mind your business 'fore I shut your fuckin' business down
She say my lyrics like a lifeline when she down
She checkin' bitches off my timeline when she down
But all them bitches on the sideline, out of bounds
Watchin' us play around

Stephanie and Weezy now
The birds birds birds are you singing now?
Little Cuban little Puerto-rican now
A lil' souvenir gotta get me now
Haul ass on a bitch all in the fast lane
Tarzan on your bitch you are just Plain Jane
I just laugh at the shit with my bad bitch gang (gang gang)
Cause' you ain't a bad bitch without a YM chain
You might also like
I second that shit you ain't lyin' that's game
I tell your nigga meet me outside in the rain
I shoot him up like a hundred times then again
Again and again, are you not entertained?
Ain't no better drugs than the ones I know
I done went down on bitches I don't know
I don't usually do this unless I'm drunk or I'm high
And right now I'm both, got me talking bout you hoe

Said she really love the blonde look
So she dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
And I'm screaming
Fuck your team, fuck your team, fuck your team, Like 2Pac
Sip slow, no blowin' highs, no killin' vibes
We touch each other, touch the skies, she rub her eyes
She cry Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
She cry Money Team, Money Team, Money Team
Then I zoom out

I said "Tell me who you loyal to?"
Is it Weezy? Is it Wayne? Is it Tunechi? Is it gang?
Or these no-names hanging with a nigga with a name?
How you poppin' pain pills and you living with the pain?
You can't tell me that ain't horrible
And my love always free when the lights get dark
I know love isn't cheap I got a nice-ass job
You look priceless to me, I'll rip your price tag off
Baby "Tell me who you loyal to?"
Do you start with the money or the man?
Does it end with your heart in your hand?
Fuck it, if the money bag in the other hand, that was the plan
Let that nigga spoil you
I guess somebody else on grind mode
But a nigga that provide though
Put his pride to the side though, and you my slime, so
Said she really love the blonde look
So she dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
I'm 'bout to put my hands on her like E. Honda
Cause' she walkin' around in a Young Money tee without a bottom
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, zoom out
Nigga you could throw up peace, I'm throwin' squad up
Had to get the dreads bleached, the James Blonde look
She saw my pic on IG, now she's inspired
She dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
That's some sick shit! Money Team

See, this Dedication mixtape series is so important to the culture because they say it is. It's plain and simple, plain and simple. I don't label it important to the culture. If I have ever labelled it important to the culture I was feelin' myself and smellin' my drawers -- uh, pause -- I'm old, my mama used to always say that, my grandma used to say that "You smellin' your drawers." -- but anyway, I don't know if y'all people say that, I'm from the south -- but yeah, the Dedication mixtape series is important to the culture because the culture say it's important. So that's why I still jump my ass in these motherfuckin' booths, wherever I can find a booth, most likely the same one, and do my motherfuckin' thing. And I gotta keep doing my thing and that's why I do my thing because the culture say it's important. They say "We want that, we need that, we gotta have that." It make the-it make the world know what I mean? It make the music world spin, and that's what it's all about, and it's 'cause they say it6Embed

