40 ContributorsAbracadabra Lyrics
Mula! Yeah, look
I'ma tell you all this last time, don't get involved
Bullets start ripping through the walls
Hit ya baby mama and the house door
We making house calls, I'm an outlaw, in the south ward
Knock your ass out if you talk stupid
Got a big dick so I walk stupid
She got that hit-it-quick-in-the-car booty
Hold on, bad hoes need to get a raise, lame niggas tryna get away
But all ya diamonds need to get appraised, you in the way
Too many nights I was out lurking, mind in a daze, nowadays
I'm on Ocean Drive with a bad bitch lyin' in the shades
Sipping Minute Maid, gotta penetrate, let me demonstrate
Got the Jones soda with the drink in it
Got a backwood with the dank in it
Party ain't popping if we ain't in it
Go Blake Griffin, might flex on 'em
That's too much sauce, I bet them hoes know who I are
They treat a nigga like a superstar and that's what I am
I got your bitch but that's my bitch
So that's our bitch and that's all cool
When you trip out, wan' dip out, she just call me and I fall through
And that's bad news, hold these nuts, cashews
Vroom, I flew past you, new whips here, what the bags do
Past cool, young Jones
You might also like
My enemies should get a good breakfast and a cup of coffee
I know refugees that don't rush things, they kill 'em softly
My closet still got Nike boxes and a couple corpses
Look, even though I'll never sell my soul, I got a couple offers
Don't think about it, I smoke about it, I drink about it
They wrap the body, then rap about it
Sink the body, then sing about it, zip the body, then sip about it
Fuck the world, I'ma still get some cool things up out it
If a CEO wanna dance all in my videos, I need a big deposit
Swerve, swerve, I'm back on 'em
My bad, I'm turning my back on 'em
I fuck, then see if Tune, Jay Jones, Hoody, or Mack want 'em
Real shit, I've seen good girls go to airports with that pack on 'em
Trill shit, I've seen bad bitches with good genes but I slack on 'em
I ain't focused there, Gotham City, got Batmans and Jokers there
I'm in the club but I'm in the cut
They got cameras here like Oprah's here
Since a kid, I heard gunshots, mothers cry, all the shit soldiers hear
So I had to "abracadabra," "voila," just to make hope appear
Young!

Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know that I'm for real
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Told momma, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two and I'm out
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Mama, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two, and I'm out, voila!
Magic dust, yeah that's a rush
Got her cracking up, crying all at once, man, that was fun
I'm spazzing up, I'm gassing up that Cali stuff, that massacre
I'm magical with chemicals and smashing stuff, Metallica
Satanical like Skeletor, you greener than a salad bar
I leave from here to Africa to read some Maya Angelou
Impractical, you acting all DiCaprio; we trap and go for casserole
We back and forth in traffic with that Macklemore
That magic snow, it's always cold and my freak on that molly water
I met this bitch on Collins but she out the hood, her mama cook
I'm on the way, I'm on a stage, the Magic show, I feel like Dave
I walk on water, float in air, I'm over there, I'm in your face
I pop up out of nowhere, bop-bop at your doorbell
Disappear in thin air, all we leave is smoke there
Smoking roadkill, she on coke here
Stash is sticking to her nosehair
I'm a magician in the motel, moving tricks for wholesale
Hold on, abracadabra, the data don't matter
We rata-ta-ta-ta over the chatter, we got mo ammo than grammar
Hammers and hammers, pull up in Lambos
Shoot up the cameras, die in pajamas
Find you with Sam and your wife and your mamas
All in your family, I'm balling like Magic, voila!

Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know that I'm for real
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Momma, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two and I'm out
Voila! Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know I'm too real
Voila! Voila! OVO shorts, high socks
Music is art, Basquiat, niggas is squares, hopscotch
Time out, na-na, I got sauce, you dried out
I'm big boss, you big mouth, magic show, don't miss out, voila!
What haven't I done yet?
I haven't Bungee jumped, err, haven't been to Mount Everest, err, take that back, I've probably have been to Mount Everest. Probably flown over it, probably rolled past it and it just was twisted, you nah mean?  That's real shit, real shit, real shit. Holla at my friends, they will let you know slime has sat down and probably ate with the president, and whatever president it was at the time, totally don't remember, you nah mean? But I do remember, Obama saying my name in a speech, shoutout Obama. But still, what haven't I done yet....release Carter V3Embed

