76 ContributorsVizine Lyrics
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see? (MonstaBeatz)

My-my scene just a crime scene
Got the high beams and the sirens, yeah
My team, we divide teams
Talkin' dirty money? Check the hygienes
All the dirty money get dry cleaned
Talkin' dirty money, Sam Rothstein
Had my goons kidnap your offsprings
While I was working on my golf swing
Ooh, sweet dreams, sour nightmares
It's a cold world, I got an ice grill
No one man should have all that power
If he can't afford to pay the light bill
I got a forcefield over my heartbeat
The window seal with no door key
I'm poppin' pills to feel more me
Cut off the wings now I'm soaring
And I never feel like poor me
I'd rather feel like the old me
I was born with wheels and I roll deep
I could make the devil get cold feet
Don't light the clove unless it's four leaf
Get a pussy wetter than a coral reef
On my face, I tatted me a fleur-de-lis
Should I get it covered with a coca leaf?
I could tell you better than you showed me
I could show you better than you told me
I'm an OG up in OT
And it's no sleep 'til it's roast beef
I better not hear a Little Bo-Peep
Better go figure, better go deep
Pass no judgement, pass your weed
I'm the GOAT nigga, no goatee
You might also like
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see?

Mmm, sippin' on purple like it's herbal
Bad brown bitch, Lisa Turtle
On turbo, you don't wan' disturb him
Momma put too much sugar in my Gerber
Damn, I done dropped too many ashes on my turban
I done seen so many titties on Bourbon
Live a different kind of lifestyle
Different color diamonds, got a nigga lookin' like sherbert
Stepped to the plate, knocked it out the park
Eat a nigga face like a tiger shark
Dressed in all red like Olajuwon
My niggas hit your safe like the Holocaust
My niggas catch a case, feel like I got Moss'd
My nigga treat the K just like a loft
Got a lawyer and an agent but I'm the boss
And my heart always racin' but never lost
Hello? I was the illest nigga on child support
Now I'm lookin' at the Robb Report
Went and looking at the final score
Bedroom got revolvin' doors
Bitches in and out smilin' more
Than children smilin' at a carnival
Ain't got nothing in common but the common cold
Big Bs nigga, honor roll
Hold up, I think I found the flow
Started from the bottom bitch
Never been monogamous, never been monotonous
Never been anonymous, money is eunonymus
Always had accomplices, always had conglomerates
Always let the chopper clip stick out like a bottom lip
You runnin' out of time so you better know what time it is
You runnin' out of tears and you runnin' out of volunteers
Young Mula bitch, I die for the logo
Cocaine price low, call that a low blow
Tunechi like Pablo, kis in the rowboat
Tunechi in the yacht though, still don't showboat
Sippin' on the slowpoke, movin' like a tugboat
Smokin' like a steamboat, fuckin' on a love boat
Better read the ransom note before you read the love note
Don't know if it's sore throat, deep throat or cut throat
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see?

Oh why am I so kamikaze
Why can't I stay in my seat? I'm so hyphy
Try me, why do I see these bloody bodies?
Why do I love what I see?
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
R.I.P
If you can't live in peace, then you can die in peace
As your eyes close and mines bleed, I need Vizine23Embed

