4 ContributorsIt’s Been a Week Lyrics
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year

I met her on the road on a Lil Wayne show
Looking like a ear just waiting to be told
And she looks a whole lot better and more
Looking a choice just waiting to be chose
I chose her and (It's been a week) but, um...
It feels like I know the girl so well
I don't know how but (It's been a week) and, um...
It's like we do whatever we shall like good pals
But um... (It's been a week) True!
But it's like I know her when I hold her, you know?
(It's been a week) But I, but I still told her how I told her
When I told her what I told her

It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)

Could it be love at first sight? First fuck, first fight
And it's only been a week but it feels like
A year, like, two months or something like that
I'm lost in the calendar but she know where I'm at
It's been a week man, but, um...
You dont know but I bet you know where she at
'Cause, it's been a week, but, um...
She's in that Carter with Nino in her back, yes
Damn, it's been a week, but, um...
It's like two trains that were on the same track, haha
It's been a week and, uh...
She changed her name to "I'ma call you right back"
Damn, and I say...
You might also like
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (Flip it)

I saw a girl at my show, in the front row
Standing there looking like she waiting to be told
I told her that and a whole lot more
And now she standing there looking like she waiting to be chose
And she say (It's been a week)
And I say, "Yeah," say no
(It's been a week) And I say, "Please, say no"
And I say, and she say, and we say

It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)
It's been a week, but, oh, it seems like a year (It's alright)Embed

