7 ContributorsAlways Strapped (Official Remix) Lyrics
Ay yo Birdman (Burr)
We been here before (Burr)
This the G mix
This the Always Strapped remix
Believe that

Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back

Ugh, 26 inches, remix killer
Weezy F the God, yeah Godzilla
I’m on that Bob Marley, I’m in a Ferrari
I mean a Ferrari, my flow a safari
I’m hotter than the sun, Just call me Amar’e
I’m the so ari, watcha know ’bout it
Young Money baby, Baby co-sign it
Young Money, Cash Money we are so giant
G4 flyin’, We are so private
Mile high club, I need a co-pilot
What it do, Stunna? yeah your son is grown
Kick your feet up
And I’mma bring the money home
Birdman Junior, Mine That Bird
Always strapped, combat first
Never back down, I lay you back down
Always strapped up, never put the strap down
Hahaha… Young Mula baby
You might also like
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm...
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm lovin' em back (Run with me, or run from me)
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm lovin' em back (Pussies don't get pussy)

CMB, Weezy, Birdman, Ross
Purple ka, purple green
White work, prolly your thing
That girl bring out her I.Q
Her daddy in the chain gang claim Pyru
She wanna look at me, I wanna look at her
I roll with Cash Money, go ahead and look it up
Only the best grade, time to light it up
Spend the night with me baby, you can write a book
I am fluent so many
G5’s I done flew in so many
We so hot so and so finished
We globe trot on the more business
Two steppin’ in my chucks
Always strapped you know wassup
Triple C you know that’s us
CMB, you know that’s us
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm...
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back

I’m so good
Smell it through the roof (Remix)
Gettin’ money throw your hood out the roof
Right now nigga
You know it ain’t no remix without the badman
Fliest nigga in the club, he got on his ban pants
Why you call him ban pants? Cus he got them bands in them
And he would of called them gram pants, If they had them grams in them
We leave nothing at the crib, I got it all on
And I didn’t leave nothing off I got it all on
See I ain’t trying to be rude Niggas ain’t shit
They just tryin’ be new niggas ain’t got this
Pull out in something so stupid Like watcha think?
Damn shades so dark I can't even blink
Left the street with bad habbits can’t spill my drink
Fuck around and have a flashback I might need a seat
I get it in I go hard, ask my old braud
Fuck credits, straight cash, that’s my gold card
Always black, I’m in black, always
Always strapped, yeah I’m strapped, always (Yeah!)
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm...
Always Strapped when I hit the club
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid (Young Mula)
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back (Aw! Aw! Swiss Rock)
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back (Got them curtains of the Phantom, baby)

Put the Bugatti up
But I still got my tool
Yeah, yeah
Everyday homicide ride with the Jews
A.R. 15 everywhere we move
Brand new shoes, money out the roof
Hard body hard top candy on the Coupe
Cash Money is a dream, red triple beams
Grand dope fiends lit like high beams
Everyday hustle got my hood on line
Dollars full of hundreds big money wanna shine
Uptown soldier, five star G
Ten keys on your feet, nigga sleeping where he sleep
Like father, like son, 2 chrome 9’s
Same blood line, hustle all the time
Fly in the ride, G4 high
When I’m in the air, I’m high in the sky
100

Always Strapped when I hit the club (Yeah, We making pounds, bitch)
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs (We making pounds, bitch)
And since I'm paid. (Pounds, Pounds)
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back (Yeah. Uptown)
Niggas be muggin' me, you know I'm... (Young Mullock, CMB, Birdman)
Always Strapped when I hit the club (Jennua, Ross)
Niggas give me dap, bitches give me hugs (Jeezy, yup)
And since I'm paid
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back (Always. Priceless, keep it on)
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I'm love em back (Yeah. Premo, DC)

MIA, 30504, LA, New York, Yeah
Gang Pacific, ya'll already know how it goes
I see you high up, man walk
Yeah, GA, VA, D-Time
Yeah Nigga, Chicago, yeah
Way up top, Dirty
Big money boy
We got itEmbed

