30 ContributorsGooder Lyrics
Young Money!
Leggo! Ha

Sittin on the toilet (Huh?), smokin on some medicated
Countin' loose thousands, I'm living good, they aggravated (Ha!)
Two things on my mind, one is to keep styling (Yup)
And the second is to get more of this shit that I'm countin' (Yes)
Call me J-2-O, I flow like a fountain
And I swear, I beat the beat up 'til that bitch start "ouch"-ing
Keep them bitches' asses bouncin' (Yes), man, we fly like a falcon (Yes)
Comparing them to I is like a pebble to a mountain
I'm a uptown flamethrower, Young Money firestarter
Had to sign to Wayne, I'm from the same place as "The Carter"
H—Harlem, and I ain't like none of these other niggas (Nah)
I get it, I spend it, your husband on a budget, Missus
Young Money, Cloud Gang, so above you niggas
Besides these groupies after the shows, who's fuckin with us? (Who?)
You might as well have a badge, the way you cuff them bitches (Yup)
I slut them bitches, then back to the dough, like, "Fuck them bitches"

Times ain't the same, shit been going bad
But nigga, we good
N—Nigga, we gooder than a motherfucker
Than a motherfucker
This for my motherfuckers, we run this motherfucker
So fuck them niggas, and fuck them hoes
Money talks, we say hello
And I'm so... I'm so... (Ugh)
I'm so... Young Moolah, baby (Look)
You might also like
OK, it's too much paper and not enough hands to count it
P—Paper coming in money, never going outward
It'Young Money, yeah, I hear a lot of niggas doubting
This here is God work, ain't nothing you can do about it
So nigga, join the team or you can catch the sideline
And just get out the game or get hit from the blind side
We making money while you niggas makin petty quotes
You can make it rain; we make it flood like the levee broke
It's all about the paper, money control my whereabouts
About a year from now, I'm tryna break that new MacLaren out
Wheels of fortune on the whip, Vanna White in it
Bitch shotgun, probably be your wife in it
Hustle year-round, nothing come in front of that
Rap, real estate, and work, I can make a ton with that
Pay me in advance or I'm not coming bitch
Like Pain, Wayne and Mack Maine, I got money, bi—

Times ain't the same, shit been going bad
But nigga, we good
N—Nigga, we gooder than a motherfucker
Th—Than a motherfucker
This for my motherfuckers, we run this motherfucker
So fuck them niggas, and fuck them hoes
Money talks, we say hello (Hello)
And I'm so... (I'm so), I'm so... (I'm so)
I'm so... Young Moolah, baby
Bitch, I'm Mack Maaaine!
Yeah, Young Money I'm the boss, you don't wanna come across
Money do summer salts, Bentley on young adults
Stuntin on them hoes—it ain't me, its the money, folk
Still make it rain, get struck by a money-bolt
What it is, though! I know what it ain't
Y'all go hard, I go to the bank
Check my checkstubs, bitch, it's Mack Maine
Young Money up and running, j—join the campaign

Times ain't the same, shit been going bad
Bend a bitch over, pull some money out her ass
Now, I'm tired of the game, 'cause it ain't what it was
The chopper so close, I can give that bitch a hug
And a gangsta need love, so I keep a gangsta bitch
I got that dope dick, there ain't a bitch I can't addict
And I'm looking at the game, I roll my eyes
I—I looked at the clock, and the hands were tied

Because the times ain't the same, shit been going bad
But nigga, we good
N—Nigga, we gooder than a motherfucker
Th—Than a motherfucker
This for my motherfuckers, we run this motherfucker
So fuck them niggas (Fuck them niggas)
And fuck them hoes (Fuck them hoes)
Money talks (Money talks), we say hello (We say hello)
And I'm so... (I'm so) I'm so... (I'm so)
I'm so... (What you is?) Young Moolah, baby
Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby
Yeah, Young Moolah, baby1Embed

