9 ContributorsGuess Who’s Back Lyrics
Ri-righ right over here, you know, when the verse come in
SQAD with me man, SQAD
It's your boy Weezy baby, Fee Fee, Dizzy, Nut, Weezy
U-huh what you said? my bad Weezy, Baby!
Get it right, you know, I love you for that boy
You ready to do it though?
Holler at you!

Look, just holler at me if you need a verse
(you got?)
Shit I was taught to aim hold squeeze and burst (ok)
And the game grows even worse, you know dizzy
The same old thieving clerk, now roll with me
My game so street it hurts, I'm mo' ignant
Your Daddy wants me to twurp her soul system
(bitch)
Bang the whole street and serve any old victim
(holler)
My name in the streets I kill any old witness
(sorry)
Bought the chain, my gold teeth to 8 million records
(8)
And change my neck piece to a shiny slave object
(chain)
I pull up in a big body red object
(Benz)
With a big weapon and a clip that got a lot of head objects
(bullets)
Leave a lot of dead bodies
I stands 'bout it, lay your whole fucking team down like they cop it
(power)
Make your ho' suck me clean, till I say stop it
(biatch)
I'm dizzy dot raw-diculous today's topic
You might also like
SQAD with me man, yeah, it's your boy Weezy Baby, Wayne head, Louie baby
I see y'all, Red Eye Smoove, Nut holler at them niggas!

Guess whos bizzack off the 'zant?
The pharmacist runner, on the corner, I was born a hustler
And the, chrome in front a, dome of bustas
Make niggas freeze like they bones done rust up
Play with me and gon' get gutter my mown
And bought up a ho', I was known to cut up before the flow
Man shit, it's back to the block for me
Back to the block for cheese
I never turn my back to the block and leave
I'm too cheap to get ass if it's not for free
Stay chief, or don't pass if it's not no weed
Too gutter, don't rep' Mazant, if you're not from the  streets
We pack gats, if it's not for beef, it's young moolah
Young dude I tote a chrome Ruger and he gon' shoot you
Look dog, don't you just discuss what you gon' do up
It's young money, we got grown paper, go and get your loot up

SQAD with me man, yeah, it's your boy
I ain't gon' say my name this time (Weezy baby!) y'all already know right
Yeah y'all already know it, the whole crowd saying
"You know it wouldn't be right"
Mami like "ill, how high is he?"
Real high mami, high as can be
But little papi still got scrill like Bill Cosby
I am a legend a hero, y'all just my sons like Theo
You know the kids say the darndest things
But if the shit flop back to selling jello
The dope that come yellow
I am the youth of the ghetto
Knocking down the door, say hello to my little friend
And that's just how I hit your ho' when you come at me
Like "can you you say hello to my little friend"
I say hello to her, she say goodbye to him
I mean we say goodbye to him, we wave bye from a powder M
I pop ma, you cannot stop my game
The smallest ball in the lane, but you can't block a thing
It's the boy young cocky wayne
Fee got me on them push ups, I feel like Rocky, man!
Ah hell! I'm way too charged, way too juiced, man
The screws on my cage done come loose
I'm a motherfucking ani-mal, I ran a mile
Just to let y'all niggas know now
That now I'm running this bitch
I come in this bitch, with one on my hip
A lump in my lip, a slump with my limp
A pump in my trench, a blunt in my clip
Pumping my shit, hugging my bitch, my drugs in my kicks
Thats Weezy biatch! Baby
Hot blazing, some say I'm amazing
You should stop hating, and start recuperating
Go get a coupe and race it, the dude be waiting
With some shit look I bought it from the movie Matrix
I'm smooth and basic
I move like I'm cruising on my shoes
I'm so cool I'm groovy baby
Weezy Baby, Weezy Baby, Weezy Baby, hahahehe
Fuck y'all man this your boy Weezy Baby
SQAD Up in your back, SQAD the thing out man
SQAD the thing out1Embed

