14 ContributorsWe on Fire (Guerrilla Warfare Version) Lyrics
Wodie

What kinda nigga that be full of that 'dro, (Ha?)
What kinda nigga freeze shop like a Eskimo?
Juvie, what kinda nigga wanna be like me?
A nigga that wanna go get that new Lexus jeep (Lil Wayne)
Uh-uh, what kinda nigga got ten 'round his neck (What?)
Twenty on his wrist (Huh?) , money by the decks (Huh?)
My nigga, what kinda nigga that'll kick in the door
Bust your head, duck tape your ho and make her lay on the floor?
Wodie, what kinda nigga play the cards how they dealt?
What kinda nigga got something that he could show for his self?
Juvie, what kinda nigga wanna be like me?
The ones that tape, don't sell, but want a check like me?
Say, dawg, what kinda nigga be on top of the world?
Million dollar status got me on top of ya girl
Lil' daddy, what kinda nigga be 'bout nothing but war
Hop out of the car with a K and smoke a nigga like 'gar?

The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the—
You might also like
What kinda nigga know what doing bad is?
What kinda nigga know what a stolen Jag is?
Check it, what kinda nigga that be packing that iron?
A nigga like the Hot Boys that just don't mind dying
Man, look, what kinda nigga just dress in all black
Fitted hats, long flats, four slugs, lots of tats?
Hold up, what kinda nigga ride twenty-inch chrome
Turning off his phone 'cause hoes don't wan' leave him alone?
What kinda nigga know police is coming?
What kinda nigga quarter keys be running?
Check it, what kinda nigga got two Lex on his wrist?
What kinda nigga that'll freak out and beat his bitch?
Doogie, what kinda nigga just don't give a you know?
Hit the set and shoot for one more, see 'em go
Nah, what kinda nigga wear Reebok tennis shoes
Taking off his shirt just to show his tattoos?

The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), they on fire

What kinda nigga know who killed his partner?
What kinda nigga be playing it real with choppers?
Juvie, what kinda nigga that be ready to bust
With AK assault rifles, not giving a fuck? (Now)
What kinda nigga ride all day on twenties
Spend cash to the last penny, sipping Cristal and Henny? (Uh)
What kinda nigga got golds in his mouth-mouth?
What kinda nigga got hoes that like to pout-pout? (Turkie)
What kinda nigga make a ho slow down?
What kinda nigga that be ready 'cause it's gon' go down?
Juvie, what kinda nigga got change in the bank
Ten 'round his neck, five on his pinkie ring? (Yeah)
What kinda nigga take a broad in the Benz to eat
Later on if he don't hit, she going home on feet? (Lil Wayne)
What kinda nigga got three or four hoes?
Nah, what kinda nigga got his hoes in control?
The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the—

What kinda nigga got beaucoup slugs in his mouth?
What kinda nigga got beaucoup drugs in his house? (Juvie)
What kinda nigga smoke jo's and weed
Every day of the week wear tees, 'Bauds, and Ree's?
Wodie, what kinda nigga just bust to hear noise?
Be riding with his boys, what boys? Hot Boys
My nigga, what kinda nigga that'll ride for his round
Hit the spot with fifty shots, leave brains on the ground?
What kinda nigga be fucking with CMR?
What kinda nigga gotta fight until tomorrow?
What kinda nigga that be floss for nothing?
Them Cash Money Boys, that's how we working with something (Look)
What kinda nigga get nasty at night? (What? Look)
Why you wanna fight, man? I didn't know that was your wife (Look)
What kinda nigga know a bitch ain't shit?
Take and make his third string ho suck his dick?

The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot— look (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot— Hot (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot— (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot— (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot— (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot— (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot— (We on fire), them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot Boys, them niggas is the
Hot Boys, the Hot— Hot, them niggas is the
Hot— Hot— Hot— Hot—
We on fire, we on fire5Embed

