66 ContributorsTie My Hands Lyrics

We are at war with the universe
The sky is falling
And the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion
Da, da, da, da-da-da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da-da-da, da, da, da (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down
(Ooh-ooh-ooh)

Yeah, some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometime that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong, I prove 'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on, let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn

I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now
How you feel, you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no
You might also like
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? (Oh-oh-oh)
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? (What have I done) What am I gonna be?

I, knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around, the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong, ask me what's right
And I'ma tell you what's life, and did you know
I lost everything? But I ain't the only one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They try tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floating (Oh)
And they wonder why black people still voting (Ooh)
'Cause your president still choking (Oh yeah)
Take away the football team, the basketball team
Now all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit (Yeah, yeah)
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer (Yeah, yeah)
Let's pray

These friends, they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be? (What am I gonna be?)
What have I done so bad? (Oh) What is my destiny? (What have I done?)
You tie my hands (What have I done?), what am I supposed to see? (What have I done?)
What have I done so bad? (Ooh) What am I gonna be? (Oh, oh)

Yeah, and if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessing to spare (Oh)
Yes, I know the process is so much stress (Oh, come on, baby)
But it's the progress that feels the best
'Cause I came from the projects straight to success, and you're next
So try, they can't steal your pride, it's inside (Oh, woah)
Then find it and keep on grinding (Woah)
'Cause in every dark cloud, there's a silver lining, I know

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
See, right now we just riding on love, huh
(Take that money, make that money)
A shot in the dark
(Take that money)
We ain't tryin' to do nothing but hit the heart
(I can't wait to stop the wait, all of it)
We need love
(Love, okay)
That's all y'all, that's all
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
(Yeah, born right here in the USA)
What have I done so bad? (What have I done?) What is my destiny? (What have I done?)
(But, due to tragedy, looked on by the whole world as a refugee)
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see? (Tie me up)
(So accept my emotion)
What have I done so bad? (Tie me up) What am I gonna be? (Oh, oh-oh)
(Do not take it as an offensive gesture)
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
(It's just the epitome of my soul)
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? (Oh, baby)
(And I must be me, we got spirit y'all, we got spirit)
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
(We got soul y'all, we got soul)
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
(They don't want us to see, but we already know)27Embed

