29 ContributorsRenaissance Rap (Remix) Lyrics
I don't care who first or who last
I just know y'all betta rock dis at da drop of a dime, baby!
(Renaissance…) I don't care what y'all say or what y'all do
But you got to be finished before the music is through
I don't think they heard me, hold up…
So here we go, now

It be the Midnight Maurader on the scene
Geographically earthed in a place called Queens
I was formed with my principles, way I displayed
When I used to cool out where all the other kids played
‘Cause I was way too ill, I would hone my skill
Go out in the park and let my chemicals spill
Right there, on Farmers Boulevard, I made my mark
Two dudes, brothers would dip from us, me, and NARCS
And then my legend would grow on the A-train line
Where rappers would gather to see me blowin' nicks and dimes
It was me, Big Pete, Tanya, and Sir Ibu
When in the heat of the cypher, I was not liable
For all the casualties of the dutty MCs
I split the train car like Moses did the Red Sea
Get it in your head, we gon' rock the dead
Night of the living MC's, the weak ones fled; c'mon Bus…
You might also like
Yo, yo, Godbody, wise intelligence
Smack niggas and wrestle with elephants
My beloved, respect my benevolence, comin' like missiles
The issue is this, be the shit you can't rebel against
Then I sniff out you niggas that be hidin' in bushes, waassup?
And strangle niggas like poisonous octopuses, shut the fuck up!
Back with hazardous weathers and blizzards
As I spit, stickin' out my tongue like an iguana lizard
At you corny niggas (ha!), Animal Planet rap, Wildlife
Stabbin' you in your back wild nice (Ahhhh!)
While I hunt and eat you niggas like food, leavin' you bleedin'
(Beats!) Rattle the speakers, like some buffalo stampedin'
If you don't understand what I'm sayin', lyrically
I'm like goons acci-DENTALLY beating you like gorillas playin'
(Ha ha!) Bitches know when I spit, I be seducin' them
Countless money with diamonds that's buried in Jerusalem
The Renaissance

WHOOO, that's Busta Rhymes right there
I don't know what I look like sendin' Raekwon in there
Where Raekwon at?

Ayo, squeezing Johnny Walker neck up in the Benzo freezing
The head-long cock, block pumpin' is easy
Poison medals on my neck wrists and arms
Louie luggages is bronze, a big bag of D, Happy Kwanz'
Together, we the Chi-Lites to twists of the O'Jays
One line from this'll have you leanin' like roach spray
Poison up on Hoyt Street, my boys in Mrs., our choice
Brooklyn, Shaolin wildin' in the Royces
Old Gold at the Golden Globes, my robe hittin' the cement
Chef in the building, yep, and he been
A thousand one goons at the Rhumba
Certified clients, drug money and somethin' up, giants
Yo, it's the Tarzan cocaine clan in the area
Guerrillas in Louie hats, the more, the merrier
Take mines, take a hundred 9's
We be runnin' out of rhymes, never bullets
Try to front and you mines, Renaissance
(WHOOOOOOOOOO-WHEEE!!!)

Ahem, I go off
Let me spaz, let me spaz (C'mon!)
Though they call me Weezy F., you gon let me pass
So ahead of my time with my next-week ass
Money on the dinner table like, "Let's eat cash!"
And I do it for the killers and the hundred dollar billas
And from now on, I don't think you should stunt without a million
Dollars in the bank, I got money in the bank
Now throw yo' hands in the air if your pussy don't stank
You got a bullet and a shank, I got a bullet and a tank
I got fur in my boots, and the hoodie on the minks
Stop sweatin' me, you should follow me, I'm directing it
Other fools break it down, I be dissecting it
Ever since I made it up out of middle America
Everybody wanna be in my genital area
But you better stay away from my chemical barrier
Weezy Baby, straight out the Caesarean, nigga
(What's it called, man?) Oh yeah: "Renaissance Rap"

Man, I ain't gon give y'all my microphone no more!
‘Cause y'all tear it up when you get it
Lemme see who we had on here
Now, we had Q-Tip, we had Busta Rhymes
You had Raekwon the Chef, you had Lil Wayne on here
Man, I ain't givin' y'all my microphone no more
‘Cause y'all tear it up when you get it
I just said, get a lil' somethin before the beats go… 12Embed

