1 ContributorMy Name is Wizzle Lyrics
My name is Wizzle!
Wizzle F.!
Wizzle F. Baby!
Ahhhh!
And Lojack, what’s good? Ayy— Ayy, Jack?
These niggas don’t know money, man
Not like us, dawg! Uh-uh
I bet my girlfriend wheels to your deal, fucker
What’s really good, man?
I put my chain next to ya house
And I bet I leave out wit ya spouse
It’s that easy! This is Weezy, boy!
Learn the lesson! Let’s go, ah!

I hustle every day with the caine and the plastic
Concealed in my pocket so I don’t wet the product
Come short and you don’t get the product
Come in ya homie place, come to collect the product
Niggas respect the Carter
Yeah, or niggas put Tecs to mama
Yeah, you stand next to mama, I put holes in ya mama
You’ll die by her, you was close to your mama
Niggas sleeping on war in ya smoking pajamas
Not the one in Iraq, prick, watch ya back
I pop one and fall back, then watch ya act…
Like a bitch, when ya bitch see ya shit crack, bitch, I…
Pitch shit where you live at, bitch, I…
Bang the 9, sidearm, die calm, bitches
Roll the dice under, all night, water, fishes
Every day, Weezy F. is a gangsta, yeah!
You might also like
Ayy, every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta (Well let’s go!)
Every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta (Well let’s go!)

Ah! Bold like a Titan, made on the block
Groups slither like a python, replace all stocks
Stash work in my Nikes, blade in my socks
Flash work; “Got a license?” Bitchmade cop
This bitchmade bullshit gotta stop!
Trade in ya Glocks, AKs turn a nigga to a pagan
Chop! Flames burn a nigga ’til a place
Get mopped! Hot! Walk up and get dropped
My nigga boy up in this bitch
I bring the toy up and just spit
I bang the boy up and just split
I beat the boy up with just fists
I eat the boy up and just shit, what’s really good?
I smoke brocc’ all day and bust millis, good
Yeah, really, I rush any hood
Bear witness, and I bet you getting frightened, ain’t ya?
This is everyday shit and I’m a everyday gangsta
Weezy!
Ayy, every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta (Here we go!)
Every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta

Aim at your hairline and shoot you in your face
Got a Uzi on my backside,  at my waist
I got money in my spare time and new  every day
Make a pussy separate when the pistol levitate
Oh! Better days  that’s what they say
But you ain’t never safe, you could die today
So my niggas they crack the safe and divide the Ks
And we all buy rides with bass and ride by ya place
Three in the morning, awake your mama
Come outside, BOP! You gotta “wake” ya mama, damn
Carry her body in grateful honor
As soon as you put her down, BOP! Lay with ya mama
Man, I was fifteen with a baby mama
Few grams and like eighty thousand, I promise
 they were, say word, amen
Staring out my Bentley in Ray-Bans, every day
Ayy, every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta (Well here we go!)
Every day of the week, every week in the month (Yeah!)
Every month in the year, I’m a everyday gangsta! (Yeah!)
Straight everyday gangsta (Yeah!)
Big money heavyweight, everyday gangsta (Well let’s go!)

Yeah! It’s young Weezy F., man
I’m a everyday gangsta, man
I do this shit daily like 
Holla at ya boy
What’s really good? What’s really hood?
It’s Weezy F., I do what you wish you could
Yuh! Tell ya bitch, hollerEmbed

