4 ContributorsMenaces 2 Society Lyrics
It's me again
 crack in the flesh
Santana, baby
I know y'all remember this
Yeah
Let's do it

A fucked up childhood, had me like damn (damn)
Watching how I move, how I hustle, how I stand (yup)
Bad enough I'm watchin for the cops in white vans (ooh)
Then I go and cop them white grams
Pop! They like, "Scram!"
I'm like, man, I gotta eat somehow, some way
Soon, now, today, ayy, listen
Told papi, "I got cake to spend, I got eight to spend
I got a spot waitin for me to put weight up in"
He said, "I like that! Here, pay for this, I front you that"
I looked, said, "Nigga, I'll be right back"
And I was right back, with that cash
Exact cash, like, "Look, now I need twice that"
I made a vow that I wouldn't be broke, I couldn't be broke
And as a man, I shouldn't be broke (nope)
So I learned how to cook, make a cookie from coke
Fiends love a good piece of cookie to smoke
And I knew that!
Now I could take ten of these, easily bake ten of these
My whip game sick, mayne, bring back slave memories
Kept those fifths with me, better safe than sorry
I wasn't just gon' let no kid stick me
I wasn't just gon' let no kid hit me (nah)
Leave me on the ground
I'm tryna send those kids with me (yup)
That's just some obstacles you go through
In the process of profiting
And progressing, they always tryna knock a man (man!)
Sometimes, you gotta pop the man, drop a man
Another obstacle to stop a man from stopping you (uh-huh!)
I thought I'd never stop dishing the white out
'Til I was treated like a surfboard and physically wiped out
Then, I thought about all the shit I could write 'bout
All the shit my life 'bout, and quick got the mic out
You might also like
So, be on the lookout for a straight-up menace, ayy!
Nigga be, nigga be, nigga be, nigga be
Be on the lookout for a straight-up menace, ayy!

Ayy! Yeah, yeah
I love it! Yeah
You already know, you already know
You already know, you already know

I don't wanna hurt nobody, but I promise
But I promise if you try me, we gon' have to rewind this track
And make me go back, that thing'll go rrrat!
That boy'll lay flat, so flat
That Act' is what I perform, all you haters
Have me in all black, like a Oakland Raider
See, I know that game, I know them scores
If your wrist ain't broke, then the world is yours
I'm feeling like Scarface, like the Cohiba
Streets reply, I look right in the four-seater
You know, I be I, get right in the four-seater
Top floor of the Four Seasons
Four of them girls
And they all know how to cook it up
And, nigga, I got some
And only one know how to bag up, bundle up
It's a cold world, now homie bundle up
We ain't on this grind for nothing, we get our hustle up
Ayy! It's me again
 crack in the flesh
Get ya money
Back Like Cooked Crack Part 2 (you know?)
The first one was sorta like a classic, you know? (crazy)
There's a lot of politics and bullshit (you know?)
But I am back like crack, baby (that's right)
So, be on the lookout for a straight-up menaceEmbed

