21 ContributorsMagic Lyrics
I'm ready, I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace, Pimp C! Yeah!
Gangsta Gri-zillz!
Lemme spark up first
A dedication!
I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace to Kid Stewart (Trendsetter!)
Rest in peace, Pimp C, yeah!
Rest in peace, my nigga 
Gangsta Gri-zills!
Lemme spark up first
Let you know what the fuck is going on (D3!)
Dedication 3
Count it
1, 2, 3 (Dramatic, nigga!)
DJ Drama!

Yeah, money make Weezy; Weezy makin' money
I keep my dick in my pants, but them hoes take it from me
I go to sleep on Monday, and I wake up Sunday
I go to sleep with money and wake up with money
Man, I'm on 'bout five of 'em
My girl so thick, you can see her ass from the side of her
Haha
Your girl just came in her booth
Somebody better get her a flammable suit
I got that bitch jumping like a kangaroo
Ain't a thing to do but bang and screw
I live in the cloud like the angels do
Hey, traffic, let my Vanquish through (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Hey, ma, this what I think of you
I wanna fuck your head off and fuck your ankles loose
Then drink the juice, I'm danger-oose
I got her clothes falling off like the hanger loose
Mm, I be the monster in her closet
She wanna go to Mars, I tell her, "Hop on top my rocket"
Five, four, three, two, one, takeoff
John Travolta with the head, I suck your face off
Tell your man, "Take that cape off"
I put his ass in the pocket like the eight-ball
Wait, y'all, I've never been tall
But if I stand on my money, I'll be with God, ha
Like "Hallelujah, baby!"
It's—It's Young Mula, baby
You might also like
Hahahaha
Y'all niggas stupid
Alright, look, ugh

Young Gudda
Put the gun to your head, make it pop like a bubble
When I pop off, you in trouble
Gat to your waist, click-clack, niggas' fucking knees buckle
Look at these suckas (Gudda!), talking this bullshit
They don't know Gudda got a full clip, and I pull shit
Leave your stupid ass wet like a pool, bitch
I don't bullshit, no
Leave a bitch nigga stinking like bullshit
Gudda ain't the nigga you should fool with, no
These niggas know me, nigga, knife like Shinobi, nigga
Hahaha

Heh, your mother owe me, nigga
Your brother pay me, nigga, your sister lay me, nigga
And I made your wife suck my Weezy F. babies, nigga
I'm still a crazy nigga, fucking right, I'm wildin'!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!
Nigga, I ain't even gotta rhyme!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!4Embed

