43 ContributorsPistol On My Side (P.O.M.S.) Lyrics
Let's pray for the people that we just lost (Yeah)
Goddammit! Say...
Woo, woah
Oh

Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (What?)
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (What? What?)
Mr. Always High, but nigga, you can call me "Slime"(What? What?)

Drippin' Evian, Fiji, I'm a water slide (Weezy)
Pockets fatter than a greedy nigga on a diet (Damn)
Nina on my side, but she say you can call her "Nine" (Damn)
Divas on my side, so many they could form a line (Yeah)
Strippers on my side and I got 'em performin' live (Yeah)
Hot girl in the bed and she prefer the warmer side
Pistol on my side, I'm talkin' 'bout the Army kind
Cita, that's my moms, only had her and father time (Come on)
Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear it harmonize (Say what?)
Numbers don't lie, the Number One Stun— never mind (Goddamn)
Tunechi in this bitch, eyes lookin' like Konnichiwa (What?)
Swizzy on the beat, I'ma beat it like policía (What? Goddamn)
Brr, brr, brr, man the Uzi needs speech lessons (Ayy)
Pistol in my briefs, you don't wanna get this brief message
Here we go
Oh, oh, y'all think it's a game? Damn (Yeah)
You might also like
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (Let's work)
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (What? Oh)
Pistol on my side, talkin' 'bout the Army kind (Showtime's back)
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (Showtime)

Swizzy on the beat, I beat your ass like policía (Showtime)
Tunechi in this bitch, eyes looking like Konnichiwa (Woo)
Pistol on my side, you don't want that thing to scream at ya (Oh)
Laughin' when you die, boy, my pistol a comedian (Brr)
Pistol on my side, now he lyin' like the media (Work)
Clips longer than encyclopedias, you're readin' 'em (Woo)
Double barrel, long barrel, short barrel, medium (Brr)
We ain't hittin' licks, we beatin' 'em and then repeatin' 'em (Come on)
Sugar in the coffee, sugar in the Morphine
Sugar sweet codeine, it ain't purple, then I'm barfing
Gang ride or die, like we sittin' on Harley's (Rrrt)
Let the thing talk like it's sittin' on Maury (Brrr)
Good, good, too good, in my doobie, I can't be stressin' (Brrr)
Ugh, ugh, ugh, that bitch moody, you may leave a message
Plll-plll-plll to his chest, give him three presses
Pistol in my briefs, you don't wanna get this brief message
(Here we go, Weezy)

Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (Oh)
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job3Embed

