40 ContributorsLast of a Dying Breed Lyrics
Oww!
Luda!

I done killed so many niggas in the booth, I sell rappers on eBay (Hey!)
'Cause every one of my verses been instant like replays (Hey!)
Speakers get blown like candles on your B-day (Hey!)
'Cause Luda's catalog got more records than the DJ (Woo!)
The bank yells, "Mayday!" 'cause every day's a payday
I put it on tape, and then, I sell it like Ray J (Ahh!)
But not out the store (Nope!), straight to the buyer
'Cause I slung 'em out my trunk like the D.C. Sniper
And six albums later, you'll deposit every word
'Til your memory bank gives me the credit I deserve
Top five, damn right! But really, it just hit me
That three of yo' top five's too scared to fuck with me! (Woo!)
So how can I advance if you don't give me no opponents? (Yeah!)
How can you see the future if you living for the moment? (Yeah!)
Hip-hop couldn't die, I never offered my condolence
But I'll offer y'all a day of atonement

'Cause I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Ludacris, I'm the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—m... (I got it, baby!)
See Ludacris LiveGet tickets as low as $37You might also like
And I'm an MC, I move the crowd like Moses
Like the Red Sea, I wear red like roses
Go against me and you'll be dead like roses
Spitting at your head for the bread like toasters
Never had a holster, I keep it on my lap
And hip-hop ain't dead, it just had a heart attack
But you see I keep it pumping, yeah, I got that heart back
So just call me Little Carter or Little Cardiac
Precious like an artifact, valuable like a quarterback
Hannibal, like they call me Jack, throwback like a Starter hat
Now, how did he thought of that? I mean, how did he think of that?
I mean, how did I think of that? Now, like a rental, bring it back
I mean, how did I think of that? I surprise myself sometimes
Someone should throw me a surprise party for every rhyme
Every time I do it, I do it dirty like swine
For the Dirty and Five, hip-hop—I'm alive!

I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Weezy F, the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud!
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—m—move the crowd
Owwwww!
They say O'Reilly don't like him (Nope!), Oprah won't invite him (Nope!)
The president denounced him (Yeah!), no one will announce him (No!)
Controversial lyrics like I'm crying for help (Hoo!)
"Very talented," but I should be ashamed of myself (Woo!)
But this is my art (Art), this is my music (Hey!)
I'm speaking from the heart, hit "Record" and I'll lose it!
Bite my tongue for no one (No!), I'll put you on blast (Blast)
So all the news channels, y'all could kiss my ass!
And if I dish it, I could take it (Yeah!), fix it if you break it (Yeah!)
Could hit rock bottom and I'm still gon' make it! (Why?)
'Cause I'm a born hustler, natural survivor
Seed of a gangsta, I put that on my father
YouTube or Google me, turn it up and play it (Hey!)
'Cause many people think it, I just had the balls to say it (What!)
And risk losing everything, I stand for the weak
Plus, I live for my freedom of speech, 'cause—

I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Ludacris, I'm the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—means—move the crowd4Embed

