80 ContributorsWhat About Me Lyrics
If you saw me, would you understand
That I can't stand you with another man?
I see you happy where your life is at
I see you smile, I can't live with that

'Cause what about me? Yeah
I stayed up all night for you
Girl, girl, what about me? Yeah
I shut down my life for you
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that?
How you act like I never held you every night?
And now you never call back, please
Girl, girl, what about me?

Oh, tell me do you ever think about it?
Those lonely nights when you 'bout lost it (Oh)
The only time that you would call
Was just to tell me it's my fault (Oh)
I let you cry, I let you worry
I let you yell, I let you hurt me (Oh)
I gave you everything you needed
Now you gone, gone, gone
Tell me, how you do that to me? Yeah
You might also like
Girl, what about me? Yeah
I stayed up all night for you (Yeah)
Girl, girl, what about me? Yeah (Girl, what about me?)
I shut down my life for you (I shut down my life)
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that? (Oh)
How you act like I never held you every night?
Now you never call back, please (Please)
Girl, girl, what about me?

Oh, girl, girl, girl, what about me? Me?

Do you think about me?
When I'm flying OT, I be up in them streets
You tellin' me that you gon' leave
Hittin' my phone with the beep (Boom!)
Knock it out, baby, creep
Oh, 'cause I just wanna see you smile
Did none of them tears ain't for you, baby
And they ain't matchin' yo style
I'm kickin' it flav with yo sauce
I'm counting them lovers
I'm thinking bout you, and all of the things that we used to do
And all of this you went through
Girl, I don't want you with no other dude, yeah
Girl, what about me? Yeah (Girl, what about me?) (Oh)
I stayed up all night for you (I stayed up all night) (Oh)
Girl, girl, what about me? (What about me, girl? Yeah, what about me, girl?)
I shut down my life for you (I shut down my life)
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that? (How, girl?)
How you act like I never held you every night?
And now you never call back, please (Please)
Girl, girl, what about me? Me? (Yeah, what about me?)
Oh-ho-oh20Embed

