33 ContributorsI Got No Ceilings Lyrics
No Ceilings
Haha! Yeah!

Party on the beach, p—party on the beach
Party animal, they done let me off the leash
I got my weed from the West
My pills from the East
And two bottles of Goose—that's "geese"
Haha!

No Ceilings (No Ceilings, motherfucker!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Young Money)
Tonight's gonna be a good, good night (Haha! I like this)
No Ceilings (Yeah!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah)
Tonight's gonna be a good, good night (Ahem)
No Ceilings!

Tonight’s the night, I’m high as height
Ugh, I’m young and restless, I shines my guiding light
And, um, I’m living right, yeah, my health alright, huh
My money good, and my girl a dyke, shit
Let’s live it up, yeah, no dying down, yeah
Yeah, let’s shoot the bar; sh— shit, I’ll buy the rounds, hey
I’ll take the shots, chyeah, I’m bulletproof, yeah
Nike, "Just Do It," I do what it do
I was drinking before I came; when I got here I did the same
I don’t like beer—I like champagne; so, cheers to Lil Wayne
And if she think she get my number, just hope my number don’t change
G—G—G—G—Girl, stop playing, I got that pussy on a string
Now, let’s do it
You might also like
Let’s do it (Hahaha!), let’s do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it (No Ceilings)
And do it, and do it
Let’s live it up (Yeah)
And do it, and do it
And do it, do it, do it (Hahaha)
Let’s do it, let’s do it
Let’s do it (Young Mula, baby!)

No Ceilings, woo-hoo! (Ha!)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (No Ceilings)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (Motherfucker)
Tonight gonna be a good good night (Young Money)
No Ceilings, woo-hoo!
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (Now, I’m 'bout to really go in)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (I’m going in!)
Tonight’s gonna be a good, good night (Scoob, I see you!)
No Ceilings

Okay, kush got my Dutch fat as fuck; Weezy F.—I’m bad as luck
I’m already at the top, I’m 'bout to pull the ladder up
Flow crazy, I need a counselor; I’m hip-hop’s announcer
I’m in the gun club—do you want to meet the bouncer?
Been a beast, and still, I am; now, I rock, and still, I jam
Few niggas with me got that white girl like will.i.am
Look up, bitch—ain’t no ceilings
See me at the top, controlling things
Anybody beat—it's a motherfucking murder scene! I do it!
Let’s do it, let’s do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it
And do it, and do it
Let’s live it up
And do it, and do it (Yeah, haha)
And do it, do it, do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it (No Ceilings)
Let’s do it (Motherfucker!)

Yeah!
Shout-out to the Black Eyed Peas
Woo-hoo!
No Ceilings, motherfucker
Young Mula, baby! I’m gone5Embed

