88 ContributorsHUNCHO DREAMS Lyrics
What's happenin', Uncle G?
How you doin' this mornin'?
Good mornin', brother
What's happenin'?
Good mornin', Uncle George
What is y'all so happy about?
I mean, you're walkin' through here grinnin'
You're just grinnin', grinnin'
Like you a new man or somethin'
Nah, Rashad's a New-New man
He got some cuddy last night
Shut up, mm-mm
You got some booty in this house last night?
Mm-mm
I told you I don't want no company in my house
Mmm
I told you that I don't want none of them lil fast girls in my house
Mm-hmm
No females in my house, that's the rule
There's a one-bull rule in effect
I ain't gon' lie, I got some cuddy last night
Stop lyin'
You ain't got no cuddy
Candy blinds, yeah
Murda on the beat so it's not nice
You might also like
Raise the prices, raise it two times (Two)
No cap, these girls be the new vibe (New)
We don't like suicide so the doors fly (Doors)
She said I hurt her feelings 52 times (Two)
Call up queen (Nicki)
The queen can't flex on a young bull (Flex)
Made her scream (Scream)
Chanel, I bought her two of 'em
You can check IG (Hey, IG)
'Cause when she post, it go up (Go)
Is she for keeps? (For keeps)
Only if she come with two of 'em (Two)
Yeah, I be snipin' (Snipe, snipe)
I can't be wifin' (Nah, no wife)
I know she feisty (Feisty, feisty)
I'm Huncho Bison (Huncho Bison)
She treat me righteous (Righteous, righteous)
Nigga don't mean to brag (No)
I be tryin' to keep it cool, but I sniped yo' ass (Swear)
No "FEFE," I skeet-skeet ("FEFE") on yo' face ass (Face ass, brrt-brrt)
Called up Huncho to come tap that ass (Swear)
Pull up on you, autotune when I grip that ass (Skeet, skeet)
Pullin' on yo' weave, 'cross the room when I pipe that ass (Pipe it)
I see a queen on a tree-tree (What you see?)
She like the ride new boy tree-tree (Yeah, new boy)
I see a queen on the tree-tree (What you see?)
She like the ride that boy tree-tree (Yeah, new boy)
Nicki (Nicki), do you love me? (Please)
Why you crying? (Why?)
She don't wanna be a queen unless she got me (Queen)
She don't wanna be on scene unless we married (On scene)
No cap (No cap, yeah), for real (Hey)
Tea in my double cup, it can't spill (Tea)
Left the fire on the dresser at the hotel (Fye, yeah)
Drunk as hell, made her cook some RO-TEL (Whip it, whip it)
If the truth hurt, then I won't tell (Truth)
Bounce that ass, Nicki (Bounce that ass)
Bounce that ass, Nicki (Bounce that ass)
Shake it like Iggy (Iggy)
Shake it like Iggy (She bad)
If I hurt your feelings (Feelings)
I am truly sorry (Sorry, woo)
I'm straight out the jungle (Hey), no safari (No)
Bounce that ass, Nicki (Bounce that ass)
Bounce that ass, Nicki (Bounce that ass)
Shake it like Iggy (Iggy)
Shake it like Iggy (She bad)
Woo, if I hurt your feelings, I am truly sorry (Sorry, woo)
Straight out the jungle, no safari

Ooh, yeah
(Woo, woo, woo, woo
Woo, woo, woo, woo)
Don't try to play me
(Woo, woo, woo, woo)
Cannot play that Huncho (Skrrt)
(Woo, woo, ha-ha-ha-ha, ad-libs)
Just don't play that Huncho, Huncho
(Smash, drip)
Huncho, that Huncho (Ad-libs)
That Huncho, that Huncho (Smash, drip)
Huncho, that Huncho (Drip, drip)
Huncho, that Huncho (Woo, woo, woo, yeah)
This all fun and games, right?
(Huncho, that Huncho)
Since I just dropped this
I'm gon' go get you a iced out chain, baby
(Huncho, that Huncho)
Iced out Chun Li, you know how we do it
(Huncho, that cha-cha-cha, hey)
Hey Elliott (Bling, bling, bling)
(Huncho, that cha-cha-cha, hey)
Get her that iced out chung-chung  (Bling, bling, blaow)
(Chancho that chancho)
(Ching-chong, blaow)
(Huncho, that chancho)
Put the tab on Huncho
(Huncho, this that Huncho)
Woo20Embed

