24 ContributorsDedication 2 Lyrics
"Dedication 2"
Bang, bang, I shot you down
Alright, I think y’all ready this time
Bang, bang, you hit the ground
Bang, bang, that awful sound
Y’all know what I come here for!
Bang, bang, I used to shoot you down
Call me the iPod King
Haha
Call me Mr. Thanksgiving
“Dedication 2,” that’s right
Call me whatever the fuck you want
You already—

Wake up, motherfuckers: it's Weezy—you got a problem
Hats to them Katrina victims—we still mobbin' (Rest In Peace!)
Shiny, black coupe, at night, look like a goblin (Gangsta!)
AK on the backseat, baby, it's so— (Oh! Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)

Wake up, motherfuckers: it's Weezy—you got a problem
Hats to them Katrina victims—we still mobbin'
Shiny, black coupe, at night, look like a goblin
AK on the backseat—baby, it's so vivrant
Watch me let it spray like a hydrant—can't dodge it
You not gettin' wet in the rain is not logic
She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged, just
Live and direct from inside of your bitch body, and— (Gangsta!)
Hi there, ho—what do you know? I'm ridin'—
In the same streets my pops died in; I got 'em, and—
I get that money—tell my mama I'm grindin'
And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket
Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga awkward
Murder the adults, and let the kids get adopted
Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power
Gettin' out twenty American pies an hour
Goddamn! Excuse me, ma'am, but I'm the man
And you better put my money in my hand—stop playin'!
Got ends; no friends—just brothers, one color
And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters
Yeah, they knew better—I'm two letters
I'm like MJ at two-three: an OG
Yeah, I'm low-key 'cause niggas and bitches is police
I roll leaf; patching up the game's slow leak—I'm Weezy Baby!
You might also like
(Gangsta Gri-Zillz!) Hahahaha
Let me catch my breath
Okay—
Pussy-ass—
Pussy-ass ho—
Pussy-ass— (Get 'em!)
Pussy—

Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas
Tryna save the past, SIM card-ass niggas (Ill!)
Them broads laugh at you, them niggas won't kill ya
And them niggas that's with you could die right with ya (Gangsta! Oh!)
I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister
I say, "I might miss you, but lil' FeFe gon' hit you
And lil' Currensy'll split you, Mack Maine'll straight flip you
Let Taz Po ship you, then we all forget you"
I'm sittin' in the kitchen, like, "How can we all get richer?"
Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture
Then, I tell lil' Josh, "Roll up the perfect Swisher"
Goddamn the hurricane—to the weed man: We miss ya
I'm the best—just listen
I ain't what the game been missin'—that's my nigga Juelz
I been here since twelve
Ten shells, let 'em save themselves
Fuck them niggas and they pals—pow, pow!2Embed

