6 ContributorsPermission Lyrics
Booty Kings
And Uncle Butt, yeah
We the kings of that booty music
Yeah, leggo, leggo, leggo, leggo, leggo, leggo
(Verse 1: Chris Redd & Kenan Thompson)
Booty kings in the buildin' so the girls gon' shake
Shawty's skirt so tight you would think that she was naked
Bottom's up, I ain't talkin' bout' the drink
Man that booty so cold it came with skates and a rink
I'm nasty, I bite your booty like an apple
Champagne down your back then I drink it like a Snapple
What you waiting on, is your ass on the menu?
(Skit 1: Girls, Kenan & Chris)
Okay sorry we're just here with our friends
Yeah, sorry guys
Cool, have a good night
So wait, you're just gonna respect our wishes?
Hell yeah, times have changed, we on some new respectful stuff
(Hook 1: Chris & Kenan)
So shake that booty (If you wanna)
Drop that booty (It's your choice)
We would love to touch your booty (But we will respect your voice)
Pop that booty (If you feel it)
Drop it low (If you insist)
We gon' treat that booty right, cause we allies in this bitch
You might also like(Verse 2: Chris & Kenan)
I'm on a mission for that ass but first I need permission
Shawty thick, walkin' straight by my whip
Yeah rolled down my window but I ain't saying shit
Cause i'm learning (What what)
And i'm growing (What what)
And unless we both agree my penis won't be showing
Now what it do, hoes is people too, oh I shouldn't say hoes?
(Skit 2: Chris & Kenan)
We can't call bitches hoes no more?
What we supposed to call em' then?
Oh they got names
That's crazy
You right though, yo my momma got a name
She do gotta name?
Every girl I know got a name
Hmm
Thank you for that man
Appreciate that
Yeah, we need that kind of push back in our life
Need that push back
Elaborate Uncle Butt
(Verse 3: Chris, Kenan, Future & Uncle Butt)
(?) (What?)
(?) Uncle Butt in this bitch (We can't hear you man)
(?) (Take the grill out your)
(?) in this bitch
Didn't get any of that (Brr)
(Brr brr brr brr)
Booty check em' Future
(Verse 4: Future)
Pull up stay ready, appreciate your lady
Like a tramp with spaghetti, yeah yeah yeah
And I'm bound to have respect, boundaries ooh
Staying on the hunt for consent like a bounty ooh
Hendrix love talking, Hendrix love booty
When she bring me both, you know we make a movie
Lights camera action, video vixen
Hendrix steal your girl, but only with her permission
(Hook 2: Chris & Kenan)
(?) that booty (Whip it smash)
Whip that booty (If you wish)
And we will protect that booty, cause we allies in this bitch
(Break: Chris)
I'm on a mission for that ass but first I need permission
(Verse 5: Lil Wayne)
Fo' we talk booty talk emotional connection
Before we get emotional I'm putting on protection
Respect is the game, and booty is the scrimmage
And I play good defense if that booty get offended
Love that booty tender, never get aggressive
That booty got insurance, that booty got progressive
Where the love go? The booty is were the love at
All that booty on ya got ya looking like a hunchback
Respect the lady so I treat you like an equal
Got me staring at that booty like an eagle, yeah I see you
(Hook 3: Chris & Kenan)
Shake that booty (If you wanna)
Park that booty (On the floor)
Equal rights for that booty (And progressive general)
(Break)
I'm on a mission for that ass but first I need permission
Weezy
Future
Uncle Butt yeah yeah
(Skit 3: Chris, Kenan & Uncle Butt)
Man take that grill out your mouth Uncle Butt
Oh my bad
Damn, you don't got no teeth
Where the hoes at?
Where your teeth at Uncle Butt? You need real teeth first

I'm on a mission for that ass but first I need permission
Ain't got no damn teeth1Embed

