9 ContributorsForgot About Me Lyrics
It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody
Everybody forgotten about me
Will I ever, ever, EVER, be free?
Huh, uh, HUH?

Just when they thought it was safe
I picked up the phone and called it a day
I bought a new car, caught a new case, fuck it
The harder I walk, the ground shall shake
Stomping, the harder I march, the ground will break
I am groundbreaking, like an earthquake, haha!
Yeah, I run this shit, but I tackle it
You want me to break it down, I'ma fracture it
My mind is wandering, I can't find it
But ten times out of ten, my mind on the money
Bandanna 'round my head like I know karate
And I'll wax a nigga ass like Mr. Miyagi
And it ain't over 'til the fat lady sing
And that bitch got a whole lot more weight to gain
And call me by my new name
(What is that?) "Featuring Lil Wayne"

It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody
Everybody forgotten about me..
My nigga, Featuring Lil Wayne
Will I ever, ever, ever, be free?
Huh, uh, HUH
Came here to fuck with me tonight, shawty
You might also like
I am as real as they come, as hard as they get
They go to talking off the wall, I put a part in they shit
I'm the original gangsta, I'll tell you how I do it
I take niggas from the jump when they step to me with that bullshit
I am a fool, bitch, a native H-Towner from the south side of Houston
You're tuned to the sounds of a nigga who don't give a fuck
'Cause one way or the other, I'm gon' still get mine
Play the game, motherfucker
The truth is in the building, I done came to life
And I done sold so many records, change my name to "Life"
'Cause I can breathe into the hood, make it feel my pain
And even though they try to change me, I remain the same
And even if I did have that chrome-plated grille on my shit
I come from out them motherfucking bricks
And I'llnever forget, where I come from, son
I'm respected in these motherfucking streets I run
I'm Face!

It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody
Everybody forgotten about me..
My nigga
Will I ever, ever, ever, be free?
Huh, uh, HUH"
It's Bun B, the nigga Mr. Swisher, and Mr. Flows
Mr. Brick, Mr. Killer Grams Nigga, Mr. 'Bows
Mr. Slab, Mr. Candy Paint, nigga, Mr. Dough
And Mr. Eighty-four, hating ho, even yo' sister know
When I hits the do', motherfuckers drop and kiss the floor
Lightbulb flow, I glass-shatter, transistors blow
I'm the shit fo' sho! Roll wit it, bitch or learn worm
I'm hot in this heat, a head shot'll keep your perm burned
It's my turn, I earn stripes and paid dues, so
Don't be surprised if I'm in a trap or on a new show
I don't dry snitch, sneak diss, or even backdoor
Balla block, a short stop or drop down in Fat, ho (What!)
I don't keep it a hunnid (Huh), I keep it a thousand
I'm hood, so I rep the hood, direct from the public housing (Man)
I got it crunk like Obama in Invesco, nothing less than the best, ho
Nigga, let's go it's U...

"It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody
(muthafuckin G..)
Everybody forgotten about me..
(K, fo' LIFE!)
Will I ever, ever, ever, be free?
(Long Live the Pimp!)
Huh, uh, HUH"Embed

