36 ContributorsDedication 3 Lyrics
And this is just a mixtape
Damn, haha
Well, it's a little more than that
It's more like a message
More like a change for the better
And this is just a mixtape
Damn
It's more of a dedication
D3!
And this is just a mixtape
Damn
This what y'all was waiting for?
DJ Drama!

And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah (Ill!)
Don't worry if me got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yeah
But you should be more afraid of the killer in me (Ohh!)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em (I'm about to kill 'em)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em (I'm about to kill 'em)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em) (Gangsta!)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, yeah!)
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah
Don't worry if I got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
You might also like
Young veteran, soon to be OG
Plus, I spit like a crackhead with no teeth
I hear you little niggas barking, want more beef
You like a nigga with no guns, you gets no peace
And when it comes to money, my shit is obese
Like Della Reese; I need celery
More money—what the fuck these niggas telling me?
I'm Young Lucifer, take 'em all to Hell with me, yeah
Drop 'em off in a firestorm
YM riot squad, get our riot on
If he testify like Common, see the firebomb
If you know what's best, motherfucker, get your quiet on
These niggas starving out here, getting they diet on
While I'm eating, nigga, gripping on my Styrofoam
One-man game, nigga, I'ma die alone
For now, I'm with your girl, getting my Rowdy Roddy Piper on

Willie the Kid, pull guns like a hamstring
No bull, I push Pro-V's like Pantene
Blow like a trombone, funny niggas—tambourine
Players get jumped like a trampoline, tangerine gators
They naysayers, mascara wearers
And my niggas on paper, getting paper like ballplayers
No blood, no foul; yeah, my heart cold as Moscow
We nap your kin like a hot towel (Gangsta!)
All my hoes hostile; not me; never tell me, "Not now"
Rap niggas, forty-cal' to your brow (Ugh, ugh)
Roof-remover: we leave your brain with more air
Maneuver: I leave your bitch with a moist chair (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Seduce her; yeah, you rappers should be tired of lying
But I know it's hard like a tire iron
But yet, it's complex, like it's Mayan science
Or Aztec math
I'm crazy as a mesc' tab; I feed niggas like a mess hall
And yes, y'all, it's Willie—how I address y'all
Or like a stylist, nobody's fly as this
You crazy? I'm getting brain like a psychiatrist
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Don't worry if me got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah
And all these niggas is killers (Killers with you)
And all these killers with me, yeah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta!)
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'ma kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em

They say powder makes you hyper, reefer makes you calm
Cigarettes give you cancer, woo-woos make you dull
While I sip the purple harlot, thick as my Southern drawl
Put me on the ocean floor with a mermaid with no drawers
They got bats up in the cave, upside-down
Blood rushing to they head, they reacting off sound
As I stand on the mound, pitching for the crown
Uptown-bound, face painted like a clown
Reciting scriptures from the chapters, Proverbs, Leviticus
Old-ass rappers complaining what the business is
'Bout the state of hip, sounding like some bitches
Hop your ass up off a rich nigga dick, it's ridiculous
The new school, nigga
What you need to do is become a resident under conditions
Get your ass up off your ass, and get your ass up on a mission
Become some competition, like Federer and Nadal
Young Money, nigga, we ball, like Kobe or Chris Paul
Forgiving a wack cracker, still sipping Cristal
Waving the lifeline, since life's a bitch, y'all
Raising up the skirts of Jezebels for no cash
Like, "Bitch, gimme that ass"
Or pulling up to the lot, like, "Gimme that Jag'"
No, pulling up to the lot, like, "Gimme that Lam'"
They study me, yeah, they cram, like I'm a final exam
If I hit you in your back, you'll need a spinal exam
I'm something like a rhino or ram: animal, beast
Irritating you pussies like chlamydia, yeast
YM militia, you niggas better retreat
Or be like this beat: R.I.P., deceased
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'm kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

Yeah, already, you better call every pallbear-ier in y'all area
The ball carrier gon' get popped
If I'm coming around the block, the ensuing drive gets stopped
He gon' drop like a flop
On the court, I love sports, that's why I play my bitches
'Cause I got game; that's why you pay my bitches, yeah
Same hustle, new money
I'm just hip-hopping like two bunnies (Gangsta!)
Who run it? Bitch nigga, moi
That was French, nigga, not a kiss, nigga, nah
Ha, no homo
Rappers get ate like four on four
They say I fucked so-and-so
And I be like "So, so and so"
Nikes on they neck, they like, "Let me breathe"
"I'm sorry, but I can't—this is how we feed" (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
This is why we hot, this is how we freeze
Too fast to follow, this is why we lead
And the money in our pockets isn't why we G's, see
This is how we shoot, and this is how we leave (Gangsta!)
You know we tote steel, this is how we is
You can get the steel if you try these thieves
Now, pass me the Swisher, let me climb these trees
And them haters say we couldn't; this is why we be's
The shit like pudding
Putting it down, like gravity's pulling
Putting it down, like gravity's pulling
Putting it down, like gravity's pulling me
To the ground (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

Young
Young, Young
Dedication 3
Young
Y'all ready?!
Young Mula, crazy—5Embed

