25 ContributorsIt’s Me Bitches (Remix) Lyrics
Voulez vous voucher avec moi bitches! (Showtime!)

Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?)
Re! re-remix! (It's showtime!!!)
Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?)
Remix! (Grab your steerin wheel)

(Chillin in my Beemer) Sitting on my Phantom
(Listenin' to Ether) Listenin' to the anthem
Weezy dem badman, one man band man
Ya girl with me, cell phone, she don't answer
He so sweet make her wanna lick the rapper
(This is the remix!) So I let her lick the rapper
She take care of me and all me homeboys after
Jumpoff! Jumpoff! The girl is a jumpoff! (Weezy!)
I let her snort a mountain and she just jumped off
Jumpoff! Jumpoff! You know she a jumpoff
Pull my dick out and watch her jump on, jump off
You make it so hard when it's all so basic
Chevy grill looking like a set of new braces
Southside baby, we outside baby
Smoking on the spinach like Popeye, baby
"J'adore a les Francs", yeah I love my riches
'Bonjour' money, and 'Au revoir' bitches
'Il n'est petit', we do it the biggest
And "Nous n'est rats" mean we ain't snitches
Now can ya tell me how good my French is:
"Voulez-vous voucher avec moi bitches?"
You might also like
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
(Ok, now time to bring the big boy out, Kells!)

Hi-hi nice to meet ya, it's Kells the freaker
Mr. Bump N Grind, Mr. song of the weeker
R&B singer, Mr. defeater
Sixteen years and still comin through your speaker
Mr. Pied Piper, bitch I'm on fire
Don't trust me, I'm a Billboard shyster
I got Dreamgirls, what you 'gon do
Got them chicks singing "And I am tellin you!"
Up in the club, flossing like a don
Album 'bout to drop, so you bitches better run
Making them moan while having sex to the song
After sex, I beat my chest like I'm King Kong
Ice so cleared out everybody move
Haters on D, I'm 'bout to take these fools
Every time I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!
Every time I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!
Every time I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!
I'm in the buildin and I'm lookin for a SNITCH
Walk out the studio and man, it's a HIT
Back in the studio and do the REMIX
I'm in the Mark 5 with a bad CHICK
Hop out five paparazzi goin FLICK
Hold up, wait a minute! (I'm back off vacation!)
Hold up, wait a minute! (You know what I was doin!)

Chillin' in Ibiza, wit' my Mamma Mia (Remix)
She smokin on cohiba, on my sun seeker
For those of you don't know that's just a yacht with a deck
You talk about your cars, what you got up on ya neck
I showed you my portfolio, straight disrespect
Them Rembrandts, Basquiats, "you could not write a check?" No!
You better think about it, yeah you better think about it
You betta hit the damn bar and get a drink up out it
I'm straight loco, don't care bout no po-po
Only big weight, what you think I roll wit Joe for?
Wanna talk crazy, go and meet my fo-fo
(Ra! ra! ra! ra!) There go that po-po
J-jam in that Enzo! J-jam in that Spider
J-jam in that G4, bet you can't catch me though
Double Z's on that whip, put the grease on her lips
Took her to the mine come and threw the D on that bitch

Freeze... You know who it is!
It's me, bitches!
Taking over, the waiting's over
We bringing it back like baking soda
I don't stop squeezing till ya face is over
I'll be on vacation til the case is over
Bottles everywhere, club full of women
Gucci sneaks, a good cuff on the denim
A few birds, two lookouts, and three pictures
You cocksuckers know who it is, it's me bitches!2Embed

