2 Contributors​weezy x nardis Lyrics
Is that an interview you actually gave with Katie Couric?
Is that an interview I actually gave with Katie Couric? What’s your name again?
Well, that’s not the question
What’s his name?
Pete Ross
Huh?
Pete Ross
Pete Ross, that’s a stupid-ass question

Howdy-do, motherfuckers, it's Weezy Baby
Niggas bitching and I gotta tote the
Haha! Listen close, I got duct tape and rope
I leave you missing like the fucking O'Bannon's
One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming
Don't let that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggas know I'm sick: I don't spit, I vomit—got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says: "Shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him, 'Catch up,' like mayonnaise"; um—
I'm the sickest nigga doing it—bet that, baby
These other niggas dope; I'm wet crack, baby, yes!
Get back, get back, boy, this a setback
Clumsy-ass niggas slip and fall into a death trap
Rest assured, I rest in a azure
Me and my chauffer gotta
Sometimes I gotta let my girl hold the
I think I'm bout to put some pearl on the
Yeah! and guess what boy?
You know a nigga just got papers on the
And I just got off paper for the
Now I can go and get some paper with this
What you on?
Them boys pussy, born without a backbone
And if you strapped, we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet him up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon, and get my howl on
Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry Kush
And when it come to that paper, I stack books ha
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head
Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga fee
See, every motherfucker at the door don't get a key
You're outside looking in, so tell me what you see
It's about money, it's bigger than me
I told my homies, "don't kill him, bring the nigga to me"
Yeah, don't miss, you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again
You might also like
Maybe you weren't always that way
But I believe you're that way now
I didn't really see it before
I made a terrible mistake
I shouldn't have hurt you
I should never have broken up with you
I love you, and I understand if you don't feel the same way
But trust me, I'll never hurt you again, I swear
Young Moolah baby

Did you perform at the Virgin Mobile Music Fest in 2008 with Kanye West?
I don’t know, but I know I did perform at this bad-ass bitch birthday party recently. She was crazy, stupid thick
Didn’t you win —
I don’t know
The award for best rap album of the year in —
I don’t know
2008 for Tha Carter III?
I don’t know
Mr. Carter, you have to wait until the attorney has finished asking the question please
I’m sorry, that’s my psychic. I’m sorryEmbed

