11 ContributorsGettin’ Some (Remix) Lyrics
You know we had to do a remix, right? (Yessir!)
Hood anthem
Gettin— Gettin— Gettin— G—Gettin— Gettin— G—Gettin—
Let's go, woo! (Xcel)

I was gettin some head (Ugh, ayy!), gettin— gettin some head
I was gettin some head, gettin— gettin some head
Who'd have ever thought this would make it to the radio, man?
I was gettin some head, gettin— gettin some head
Shawnna, you a fool for this one! Hahahaha
I was with the kind of girl that make your toes pop
Special shout-out to Bill Clinton! (Remix— Remix!) Yeah!
I was gettin some head (Remix), gettin— gettin some head (Hustle)
I was gettin some head (DTP, remix), gettin— gettin some head (Hustle)
I was gettin some head (DTP, remix), gettin— gettin some head (Hustle)
I was with the kind of girl that make your toes pop (DTP, yo, check it)
I was—

'Cause I love to hit the hood in fashion, got a couple of zips
And I'm off the rip, ready for action, nigga, fuck who you with
'Cause I be that bitch, and it ain't no asking why they all on my tip
'Cause I get them Benjamins and Jacksons and they all in my grip
Tell me who you know could spit that ill flow and make niggas sick
Better tell that stupid bitch to chill, ho, if they on that shit
See the fitted cap, I keep it real raw, stay on my lid
Now, he wanna ask me how it feel 'cause he say I'm that bitch
Let me slow it down
I make 'em move with it (Move with it), do what it do with it (Do with it)
Now that I got me some (Some), gon' let my crew hit it (Crew hit it)
We smoking bubblegum ('Gum), chocolate, and blueberry (Blueberry)
And we don't get it crunk (Get it crunk)—we make it juke, manny (Juke, manny)
If you ain't giving head, shawty, you too scary (Too scary, scary)
Got my bitches in the 'Lac, I'm in that new Caddy (New Caddy)
It's time to get it poppin' (Ho), shawty is you ready? (Is you ready?)
I put that pussy on his face, but it was too heavy, 'cause—
You might also like
I was gettin some head, gettin— gettin some head
I was gettin some head, gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was with the kind of girl (Ayy) that make ya toes pop (Ayy)

She looked me up and down, said, "You look like a pimp"
I knew she'd been around; I said, "Do it like Karrine"
She tried to be sexy; I asked her, "Can you stop?
I want the real deal, I don't want a handjob"
I know you better tell 'em who pimped you first
As soon as I finish, let me quench your thirst
Nothing but the best, I know I'ma get
When you use two hands and a whole lot of spit, bitch!
You got me hard as a rock
I ran my fingers through your hair when you started to stop
This ain't amateur night, and it's not the Apollo
Come real with the skills, and you gots to swallow
My phone kept ringing, but this ain't the end
I was squeezin my toes and I can't press "Send"
I need to cum so I can go, but if I'm late again
They know me, I ain't gotta say where I been

I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy, haha!)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
Shawnna, what up? I like what you doing, shawty
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy, ugh, alright)
I was with the kind of girl (Ayy, alright) that make your toes pop (Ayy, mm)
Weezy, back of the Phantom—tell the driver, "Don't look" (Yeah)
I tell her, "Do your thing, and when you finished, write a book" (Ha)
I sit back in the chair, and then, I break out the kush
I hope she like banana, 'cause I got that Fruit by the Foot
Now, she say she love me; well, I love her when the lights dim (Huh)
You can depend on her to catch it, like a tight end (Yeah)
Santa Claus (Yeah): I leave her with a white chin (Yeah)
Yes, I get a lot of neck like a violin (Go)
Eighty-five on the bridge, hat to the side (Yep)
Twenty-three-inch Yokohama flats on the ride (Yep)
Young Stunna—baby girl, is you up on me?
They go so hard, man, I gotta wear a cup on me (Yeah)
I'm the hottest thing around (Yeah)
And if she like to catch, then I'ma take the mound (Uh-huh)
She say she don't do it, but I am not a clown
If I get her to my room, she going down

I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was with the kind of girl (Ayy) that make your toes pop (Ayy)
I was—

Check it out, man, I make her fiend for that blow
They be pumping the P; P be pumping them hoes
Stick out they ass, look how they tell me, "Just go"
You ain't fucking with me when it come to these hoes
Blast fast across the chin
What I'm saying to them? Man, I don't pretend
Push one button, in the chrome bitch, ducking
Keep it going like the grille in the air, fucking
She's a freak—she want E's and the purple dro (Yes)
Show her keys and the skirt'll go, she sure to go (Yes)
She say I hurt her, though (Yes), in the cervical (Yes)
She mean murder, though (What?), give her vertigo
Baller, G, ain't no apology
Wanna have a couple words 'bout ecology
Man, I seen your sports car, but it's smaller, B
The Enzo's outside for you all to see
Nigga, look at my chain, look at my rings
Rocks and watches; bracelet; bling
Keeping it going, nigga, 'til the break of "dane"
Can't compare so you just complain
Mad as a bitch (What), grabbing your bitch (What)
Get O.J.: Start slapping your bitch (Um)
I'm A.C.—here's a cap for you, bitch
While me and my nigga sit back and laugh at you, bitch (Ha)
AC: gotta stay cool, man
"Never, ever let 'em see you sweat"—that's the rule, man
Hit it 'til we through, man; send her back to you, man
That's what we do, man; bubblegum, chew, man (Ugh)
Other than that, catch me gettin some bread
When you see my billboards, I be...
(What?) Yessir
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was with the kind of girl (Ayy) that make your toes pop (Ayy)
Block Music! Luda! Coming soon!

In my bed, minding my business, 'bout five in the morning
Getting head, a wonderful feeling
I'm high and I'm zoning from this fire I was smoking
And I'm choking on that fruity while this lil' cutie's choking on me! (On me!)
Right down to the tonsils—them glands had to be swollen
They call me "the head honcho," and, man, I keep it going
You think it was in slow motion, and I beat 'em like they stole it
'Specially rolling off a little ecstasy! (Ecstasy!)
I'm a hurricane sipper (Sipper)
Make 'em see stars, women call me "The Big Dipper" (Dipper)
Spit a few bars, grab my tools, and I drill her (Drill her)
Jump in my car; then, I'm counting up my scrilla (Scrilla)
I'm a gigolo, gigolo!
Your man might be a'ight, but Ludacris is a killer, though
So go'n and ask around, and you can see what it's hitting for
Making your girl beg (Beg)—me and my third leg (Leg)
If I'm talking on the phone, I forgot what you said, 'cause I was—

I was gettin some head, gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was gettin some head (Ayy), gettin— gettin some head (Ayy)
I was with the kind of girl (Ayy) that make your toes pop (Ayy)
I was—Embed

