3 ContributorsYou Don’t Have to Cry Lyrics
Ay, yeah, yeah, yeah...
My name is Weezy F Baby, hey
Yeah, her name is Ms. Dynamite, yeah
But you tell me...

You don't have to cry
You don't have to cry no more
As long as you keep holdin' on
You can damn sure take it
We gon' make it, baby
You don't have to cry
You don't have to cry no more
As long as you keep holdin' on
You can damn sure take it
We gon' make it, baby
You don't have to cry

’Cause the snitches running to the feds
Hoes bouncing from bed to bed
No place for trust in your head
Can't trust it...
Where so many tears are shed
Keep friends? He keep a 9 instead
He know tonight he could be dead
There's no justice...
So many troubled souls, so many broken homes
So many kids out of control
’Cause they hopeless...
Too many on parole, too many lies told
Too many had their freedom stolen
You might also like
Tryin' to make it out the hood
Like, tryin' to make it out a manhole without a rope to pull
Hope the bullshit don't take me out for good
I know I gotta make the right example for my folk
I don't joke, though the smoke is hella hard to pull
I just take it to the chest like a vet
Gettin' still, what I feel on the inside is genocide
Tryin' to live on the outside, but will I die
But you tell me...


My niggas posted on the block
Like they soldiers in Iraq
Every day them bodies drop
Keep droppin'...
Pain and violence round the clock
Need help but we can't trust the cops
So how the fuck we make it stop?
There's no stoppin'...
We tired of these bloody streets
All they breed is tragedy
This poverty so sad to see
So sad...
Long as them sirens ring
I pray to see the day you smile
Get up in my state, I'm tryin' to find fate
Gotta get it for grind's sake, I gotta find cake
Ain't no fire escape, I gotta climb gates
And knock down walls, and get up when I fall
You see, given the time I'll face, I can't slow the pace
Gotta move a little faster, ain't nobody on my side
I pray every night, feel like I ain't prayin' to God
Every time I tell Mom, she reply


Ain't a whole lot of love where we livin'
The self-hate replace the optimism
Ain't a whole lot of chances we're given
It's bullshit these streets is devil riddin'
Every day you hear another mother scream
Every night another victim, another murder scene
Every second another nigga turn fiend
But my ghetto children, hold on to your dreams

Though it's lookin' kinda rough, you gotta hold on
Though it's lookin' kinda rough, you gotta hold on
I know it lookin' kinda rough, you gotta hold on
Though it's lookin' kinda rough, you gotta hold on
Ay, ay, call me when it's, and call me when it's
Ay, ay, call me when it's, and call me when it's
Ay, ay, and call me when it's, call me when it's, call me when it's
Ay, all my people call me when it's gangsta
My name is Weezy F Baby, hey
Her name is Ms. Dynamite, hey, yo yo
I know it's lookin' kinda rough, you gotta hold on
 x3
You don't have to cry...1Embed

