38 ContributorsFreak N You Lyrics
Freakin' you
What must I say? What must I do?
To show how much, I think about freakin' you (Another one)
What must I say? What must I do?
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(We the Best music)
To show how much, I think about freakin' you
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(DJ Khaled)

Every freakin' night and freakin' day (Yeah)
I wanna freak you, baby, in every freakin' way
Every freakin' night and freakin' day
(Yeah, turn everything up in the headphones, mane)
I wanna freak you, baby, in every freakin' way (Yeah)
Every freakin' night and freakin' day (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I wanna freak you, baby, in every freakin' way (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Every freakin' night and freakin' day (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I wanna freak you, baby, in, baby, in, baby, in

I've been drinkin' and I don't drink
But I'm on point, or am I point blank?
I said I love you, then my phone blinked
She said, "I hate you," I told her don't hate
She got me thinkin' when I can't think
She got me singin', she said, "You not Drake"
She got a condo and got a crime rate
I let her kill me, I reincarnate
She got on leggings, them Gucci red-greens
Told her I ain't even know that Gucci made these
She took 'em clean off and I went clean off
I got my freak on and then I cleaned off
Tunechi
You might also like
Freakin' you
What must I say? What must I do? (Mula, baby)
Every freakin' night and freakin' day
I wanna freak you, baby, in every freakin' way
Every freakin' night and freakin' day
I wanna freak you, baby, in, baby, in, baby, in

Yeah, you wanna freak (Yeah)
I wanna see, when are you free? (Oh)
I've been OT (Been OT)
And she my freak ho, wet up the sheets (Up the sheets)
I got a pink toe, she like to creep (Like to creep)
Her pussy pink (Pink), I bought her mink (Mink)
We got a mink floor, and heated seats (Heated seats)
Inside the Rolls rollin' down the street (Down the street)
Her Cuban rose gold with plenty V's (Plenty V's)
We overseas (Seas), I bought her C's (C's)
And every other day she wanna freak (Wanna freak)
We on another wave, sex on the beach (On the beach)
She don't know what to say (Say)

Freakin' you
What must I say? What must I do?
Every freakin' night and freakin' day
I wanna freak you, baby, in every freakin' way
Every freakin' night and freakin' day
I wanna freak you, baby, in... (I wanna freak you)
Every time I close my eyes
I wake up feeling so horny
I can't get you outta my mind
Sexin' you be all I see
I would give anything
Just to make you understand me
I don't give a damn about nothin' else
Freakin' you is all I need

Tonight, I need your body (I need you, babe)
Tonight, you got my time (You get it, babe)
Tonight, you won't be sorry...
What must I say? What must I do?
To show you how much I think about freakin' you, you, you, you, you...5Embed

