84 ContributorsRoger That Lyrics
I'm in the collard green 6, cornbread in the guts
Got the Halloween kicks, trick-or-treating the clutch
C'mon nigga, is you tricking or what?
Flow, flow tighter than a dick in the butt
Just hopped off the plane, came back from Vancouv'
Little white tee, some boobs, and bamboo
White girls tell me "Hey Nicki, your camp rules
Is that why you get more head than shampoos?"
As-Salaam Alaykum, no oink for me
And I never let a d-boy boink for free
'Cause it's Barbie bitch, you can join the wave
I've done penny nickel dimed, I done coined the phrase, ha!
You couldn't beat me there if you had a Lear
Indian-style, courtside with a cavalier
V.I.P. rosé; you can have a beer
'Cause honey when you getting money you don't have a care

Now R-Roger that, R-R-Roger that
R-Roger that, R-R-Roger that
R-Roger that, R-R-roger that
R-R-R-R, ROGER

Young black Ricos, kill for the C-notes
But me though, I Jackson bitch uhh, Tito
She wanna play games but, this is not bingo
Monopoly, I'm past go, go on ahead and deep-throat
Four chick foursomes, skin color's mocha
Sally and Sonia, put the pussies on my totem
Pole vault stroke 'em uhh, strike ya like bowling
Now open like you yawning, it's 6 in the morning
Sleeping on me, probably in a coffin
I'm hotter than the end of fucking August, I'm awesome
I'm awesome: repeat it to ya grandma, and uncles
Or mothers, Tyga's no dad but I'm the motherfucker
Motherfuckers, this the last supper
Look, no hands, I'ma bread cuffer
I don't dare love her, I'ma daredevil
I don't fear nothing motherfucker, Young Money!
You might also like
Now Roger that, Roger that
Ro-Roger that, Ro-Ro-Ro-Roger that
Fuck around and never get Roger back
Ha ha ha

I'm goin' in!
Fresh off the jet, sharper than Gillette
The blunt still wet, so pass it like Brett
We sip side of mug, we call it upset
Smoke more than four quarters, we call it sudden death
I'm a beast. You a pet
AK long neck. Keith Sweat, haha!
Weezy motherfucker, Capo in this bitch with me
Money talks and have a convo in this bitch with me
I'm mountain high Colorado in this bitch with me
Flow crazy 7:30, you just 6:50
Twenty bullets from the chopper take the roof off
Laughing to the bank, I'm a goofball
Hahaha! It's YM
And we at your neck, like a violin
It's our world, we make it spin
And y'all the prey- amen!

Now Roger that, Roger that
Where Roger at? I heard Rog' a rat
Fuc-fuck around and never get Roger back!!
Hahahaha12Embed

