9 ContributorsTomorrow Lyrics
Yeah! House party at the Carter people!
What up birdman ? What up Mannie?
TeX me Music !

I got her out her clothes easy, her body all greasy
She work it work it,work it work it, work it for weezy
Got her out her clothes easy, her body all greasy
She twerk it twerk it,twerk it twerk it, twerk it for weezy
Got her body all sweaty, her pussy all ready
She keen em coming, coming coming, back for more (Back for more)
Got her body all sweaty, her pussy all ready
She keep em coming, coming coming, back for more (Back for more)
What up world you see me doing my thing don't worry about the thing I keep it like 
What up girl I stare at you do your thing don't worry about the ring I, mingle like I'm single
I'm so hurr cash money is so hurr, young money is so hurr, lil Reel on the mic like yeah
Uncle tex they dropped this one on me, yeah that's my homie now we all sight like yeah
Them bitches in the corner, say I'm up in VIP looking like a grown up
Call me Lil weezy boy boy carter, you ought'a
Respect a lil nigga baller
Lil nigga say you niggas much smaller, my money much taller
Gone till tomorrow with Jennifer and Tara
I got em gone off the aroma
Stronger than amonia, give a nigga insomnia
You might also like
I know tomorrow will bring, a better you, a better me
But tonight she so fucked up she on her third long island ice tea
And she will bust it down, when she hear, when she hear that beat
And she get up, get low, bend over and shake her thong to this song

What up girl, I'm peeping you from afar, some visual contact I'm meeting you at the bar
What you drinking?
Hennesy, Remy, or apple mar? But darling looked at me and said "Sex on the beach" woah!
What a coinc, this happen to be Miami, Ocean drive, Wet Willies the ocean's only a minute away
We dipping skinny back to the telly, I'm lifting up her mining skirt then get the shirt, then go to work wait!
You ain't safe, free willy come up outta that ocean, you start to looking like bait
Uh huh, uh huh
Looking all great like a grade A steak
Can I get some A1? I'm tryna cut on day 1
Then I say warn ya self
She can't have weezy so she hung herself
Ya doll, let me calm ya down until tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow


My name Weezy, this here's my man Reel & we both were thinking you & your girl should come chill
See, we got a spot right under the sunrise, by time the sunset we done got you all wet, aww
Aw yes, aw yep, aw yeah
Young money here better tuck y'all gals
Why? Cause we  come to fuck y'all gals
Don't mean to interrupt but the bitch fine as fuck
And I'm the BM J.R., the hood come running when they hear that bird call (BRR)
I'm on stage with my shirt off, she in the crowd running to the stage with her shirt off
Pop that pussy mama, stop that playing and
Find you a wall to catch and get on the handstand
Flip back over catch your balance and drop it
Don't stop it til tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow
x2

Ya know it ain't trickin if you got it, so nigga why you trickin? (x4)
Pop the pussy, don't let the pussy pop you (x8)
Pop the pussy and let her do what she do1Embed

