1 ContributorColorado Reppin’  LyricsYou know I had to do it
Uh, you know me man from Denver, Colorado man, gotta rep my city man
Let’s do it. Yeah
Verse 1:
Yeah I gotta uptown flow
Yeah I’m hometown grown
Used to work downtown now I’m round town mo’
Rode the bus got Mary Lou to drive  me cross town home (Work with me)
I gotta, new home, got a lady that’s riding, that’s with me
Wanted to live in San Antonio no Houston that’s Whitney
When I was younger had no Santa coming down my chimney
Uh
Well let me not lie
Got some pants on occasion so why try
Soon that stopped too
Could forget a vest, and a suit, and tie
Pops gave it all up for me, so tell me now why wouldn’t I?
Heh, Smooth for now, let this build, throw in the towel, you gotta do it
Talked trash so long in the past but now it’s time to prove it
What am I doing? I’m Creole so I gotta chop and screw it (Turn it up)
Uh, yeah, one time, see me
Now you don’t huh?
Feel me, crossed on those lines
It’s silly and that’s on mines
Could’ve gone to Mine’s
But I had no mind
It didn’t matter
So mind over matter to me, nothing but a joke huh
Remixed hard knock life and I choked but
Tried in history had no luck
Didn’t practice I was lacking
Couldn’t prove I had my growth up
So I just, kept writing on Facebook and my book in Avid
Went on stage and reciting these lines it didn’t matter
A laughing matter but some people did believe in me
Told me I’d make it big time if my dream was clear to see
Looking back you guys don’t know how much that means to me
From here I see
Wanted me to succeed here with this energy
Love Hennessy, I dreamed to be
Different from my faction please
Failed chemistry
Know water and oil form a reaction G
It happens D
When you cross the one and get to jabbing B
You might also likeHook:
And that’s how you let the beat build bitch!
That’s how you let the beat build bitch (X2)
That’s how you let the beat, b-b-beat
I say uh, it goes bump
Bum-bump buh-bump buh-buh bump (X3)
Verse 2:
Been a while since I was bench pressing
I’ve been stressing
I confess that “I guess” was never a good complexion
Give ‘em a kick like Hwoarang in Tekken
Ping-pong not my profession
Threw it all off of the table
Pick it up is apart of the lesson
Yeah I’m Repping, C-o-l-o-r-a-d-o
Born from the D-e-n-v-e-r
Raised though, in the A-u-r-o-r-a
But I’ve lived in both okay?
B.Y.O.J
Be your own job
Comes being your own boss
We all getting taken out the regime from our own cops
Not all police are crooked
Look it!
Nathan Bradley raised over 120K for those children
Lord be my witness
I’m not tripping, my pride I’m gripping
Leaving it all intact
Built this shit from nothing would you look at that?
This my pact
That I made with God
Contemplating, should I buy that beat from Josh?
Maybe
I’m hardheaded just hoping you can take it baby
At least you aren’t as crazy as those females, Cynthia and Swayzee
That’s her name right?
Who gives a fuck
Branded me as pedophile like nigga what?
Hook:
Beat build bitch!
That’s how you let the beat build bitch (X2)
I say uh, it goes bump
Bum-bump buh-bump buh-buh bump (X3)
Last Verse:
Yeah, just to prove I’ve never been not different
I want you to give this here a listen..
Uh, 3 A’s
I prefer AJ over OJ
Ketchup on the fries and on the side
Toilet paper, never really cared if I was under or over
21 now, waited till then to drink, yes ma’am my big gulp runneth over
Love to drive, no I don’t need a chauffeur
Love traffic lights that’s my closure
Family holds me up enough, I don’t even need a holster
Chip on my shoulder
Heart on my shirt, my sleeve, I’m bleed, I’m me D-e-o-n-t-e motherfucker!
Oh man, you know I tried on that I got on you know Lil Wayne’s stuff
If y’all know King Los I got up on that too man
Shoutout King Los shoutout Lil Wayne man
Yeah let the beat build bitch, that’s how you let the beat build bitch
Okay, just let it fade outEmbed

