26 ContributorsLucy’s Love Lyrics
Don't try and tell me what I need, I'm gettin' sick of that
Last time I let you decide, do you remember that?
You said you was bringin' the flavor, somethin' a nigga could savor
Roll some up in the paper, and that shit was boo-boo
I would decline if you pull up on some
"Boy, I got that super-duper, sixty-forty, more Sativa
Try this, it's a hybrid", ooh
You could miss me with that, cool
I got something better
Roll this OG in the element
Keep me in my element
Hittin' like a victory, boy, can I taste it
Burnin' 'til the finish line, no, I won't waste it
Pass it to the left, gon' pass it to the left
Isn't she the best? Oh

What's a pimp without a ho to stroll?
And what's a blunt without the 'dro to roll?
Where would Desi be without Lucy's love?
Tell me, what is gin without juice in cup?
What's a pastor without the congregation?
What's a journey without the complication?
What's a rapper with no roof to raise?
Who is Superman without you to save?
You might also like
I love Lucy
What's a world without a Tunechi?
What's a girl without a booty? That's a girl without a Tunechi
I'm a love without a beat
A rebel without a cause
She a devil out the heat, she look better without the horns
I put a daisy in her hair and arm around her arm
I put my babies in her mouth
When she yawnin' they're reborn
I put a doobie in the air, that's a right without a wrong
What's a life if it ain't long?
What's a king without a crown?
What's a crown without a throne?
A house if it ain't home?
What's a child without a phone?
An adult without a drone?
Like a flower, I'm too grown
Like a ground, you never roam
Like a mountain without a stone
Or Rocky without Stallone, bitch

What's a pimp without a ho to stroll?
And what's a blunt without the 'dro to roll?
Where would Desi be without Lucy's love?
Tell me, what is gin without juice in cup?
What's a pastor without the congregation?
What's a journey without the complication?
What's a rapper with no roof to raise?
Who is Superman without you to save?4Embed

