19 ContributorsDamn I’m Cold Lyrics
Chops on the track!
Ooh, yeah
Damn, I'm cold, damn, I'm cold
Ooh, yeah
Damn, I'm cold, damn, I'm cold

See, when I got Mercedes money, I went and got a Mercedes
When I got that Bentley money, I went and got that Bentley
Now, if you ain't help me make it, don't tell me how to spend it
And yes, I know the rules: never marry Robin Givens
Mozzarella over bitches, so we call them bitches cheeseheads
Lambeau Leap in that pussy like in Green Bay
Lambo' sweet, look like sugar on the freeway
And I'm riding dirty, 'cause I'm so UGK
One, two, three, wait; four-four makes eight
Nine times out of ten, it's 11 or a 12-gauge
Friday the 13th: that's the day that hell raise
But y'all boys too weak, like fourteen days
I'm so clean; why wouldn't I be?
I be with Ben Frank so much, he starting to look like me
I'ma smoke my weed, 'cause I don't want to smoke yours
And I pour four every time I pour

Like, was you saying something bitch?
You ain't talking 'bout us, you ain't talking 'bout shit
I woke up this morning, eyes half-closed
I looked into the mirror and say, "Damn, I'm cold"
Damn, I'm cold, and my ho (Ooh, yeah)
Pimp shit, nigga, keep paying my hoes (Damn, I'm cold)
Damn, I'm cold, man, I'm throwed
I say damn, I'm cold, hot-damn, I'm cold
You might also like
See, when I got that slab money, I put the Rivy on blades (Blades)
When I got that 'Lac money, I candied the Escalade ('Lade)
Got that Screw in my deck, a house or two on my neck
A couple cars on my wrist, and bitch, I'm ready to wreck
We 'bout to do this for Pimp C (Yeah), so pass me a bottle
I'm 'bout to pop the top on it, like a slab or a model (Man...)
Turn it upside-down, and pour it out for my lil' bro (Huh)
And pass me another one so I can pour out a lil' more (Fa' sho')
Fresher than Ozium, cleaner than wax floors, I'm...
(What?) Slick as linoleum, swinging my 'Lac doors, them...
(What?) Franklins, you folding them, we trying to stack those
So 'fore you play the role, you need to learn how to act, hoes (Hoes)
Swingers'll clang fours and tipping trunks'll bang (Bang)
Haters get back, and hoes'll flip, and nuts'll hang (Hang)
It ain't a thang, ain't never was, and never will
I put that on my life, Bun Beeda forever trill (For real)

Yeah, fucking right, alright
Going at your neck like a fucking dog bites
I woke up this morning, eyes half-closed
I looked into the mirror and say, "Damn, I'm cold"
Damn, I'm cold, and my ho (Ooh, yeah)
Pimp shit, nigga, keep paying my hoes (Damn, I'm cold)
Damn, I'm cold, man, I'm throwed
I say damn, I'm cold, hot-damn, I'm cold
Is it the ice in the piece or the ice in the chain? (Chain)
Is it the ice in the watch or the ice in the rings? (Rings)
Or the bracelet? Face it: you feel a chill in your veins (Veins)
Could it be from Bun Beeda or that boy Lil Wayne? (Wayne)
Could it be the two-seater on them thangs?
Got on a couple gold chains, so Dana Dane
I swang and bang from lane to lane
Yeah, it's getting hot, and you starting to feel the flame
Bun! It's getting brick, and you starting to feel a breeze
And the temperature's going down (Down)
Best to get you some sleeves
And you best to get you some Gs (Gs)
'Fore you lose your control ('Trol)
And we turn your whole neighborhood into the North Pole
Like, brr, machine gun, brrrr-rrrr-rrrr
I am a beast, grrrr, money machine, brrrr-rrrr-rrrr
F-U-C-K C-O-Ps
I say, "I know," when they say, "Freeze!"

Ha, yeah! Okay, you already know
No pussies, no rats, no Tom and Jerry show
I woke up this morning, eyes half-closed
I looked into the mirror and say, "Damn, I'm cold"
Damn, I'm cold, and my ho (Ooh, yeah)
Pimp shit, nigga, keep paying my hoes (Damn, I'm cold)
Damn, I'm cold, man, I'm throwed
I say damn, I'm cold, hot-damn, I'm cold
World champion
This has been a CHOPS production2Embed

