3 ContributorsI’ll Pay 4 It Lyrics
Reeemix!
Kiiidd Kiiidd!
Ohhh!
Oh, shit, nigga, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, SQAD shit nigga!
That remix nigga!
Kidd Kidd nigga, M-Zone nigga, holla at ya boy!
Look...it go

Holla holla, Kidd Kidd SQADer rider
Got my momma closet stocked with Prada top ta bottom steady piling
Live good, fuck ya problems, prolly fucked ya baby momma
Knocked a baby out her, got the latest model in my bed with ‘jamas
Making her way to my shower, oh!
She ain’t have ta graduate from Nursery School to be a head doctor, oh!
I’m that message in the bottle that you read but didn’t follow
Now yo head is filled with hollows and you layin’ in that pothole!
Me I’m on that 'Zant bottle store bout to blow like I’don’t know shit!
And I done got robbed before but not no more
Glocks stashed in the mailbox right by the door, and!
I can’t do right by a hoe, I’m G’d up but through my eyes I see my soul
Too much of a player to go out with a hoe
See me in (???) City with Lil' Pec and Joe
Marlin don’t clubbin’ shit, but he bout clubbin’ a bitch
We be fuckin’ yo bitch, you be lovin’ yo bitch
I restructure her hip, then (???) on her upper lip
Then she suckin’ the click man...that’s how it be in the fuckin’ click!
You couldn’t be in my fuckin’ click, I release till it fuckin’ click
Then release ‘em till it’s fuckin’ click!
Like get the message bitch, read that letter quick...
Open it up nigga...what it say is, look;
Get lower, get lower
If ye ain’t bout layin’ 6 feet then I suggest you get ya do’ up, quick!
This is a hold up, held at ya home
With the compilation to you say befo’ I discombobulate ya face!
Any time, any place, anywhere, I’m there!
Never square, never scared, then I’m heavy prepared
And this song’ll leave ya hearin’ impaired
It’s going down and you know where to get (???)!
But you (???) you!
Pull it out and start runnin’, me I pull it out and start gunnin’
Cause nigga I ain’t stuntin’!
So don’t take me for a rapper cause you can’t
All I do us rap about shit what’s happenin’ on the 'Zant, I!
Call Shan, see what’s happenin’ on the 'Zant, he like;
Tell Fe what’s up with the dro'!
My muhfuckin’ niggas, we (???) smokin’ then he up in ya hoe
She could do a hand-stand that way she touching the flo’, and!
A nigga out 'chea that’s touchin’ the flo’
No one on a level higher than the boy!
Damn the boy! Locked ya block down cause damn you boys
I’m here, I’m focused, I’m ready, I’m fearless, boy!
I’m a Downtown vet, not no litt’le boy!
Two on yo shoulders, one above yo mental boy!
I’m a lil’-short-fine-bitch-gizzle boy!
That mean knifin' yo bitch, and that mean poppin’ yo bitch, I!
Still get them big Nicks from Wal
Nigga you could that X from Slice
And he off tha 'Zant too man, you know how that go
I get that extra slice, I’m feelin’ extra nice
Like what’s up with the knife?
And I ain’t lookin’ to get up in a fight
But niggas seem to see it’s me and get bucked in sight
It’s Nut on site! Yeah!
I’m with Mike Paper-Chaser
Don’t underestimate the boy cause he might (???) ya
Dog, at night we ain’t patient
We be on that site for the K shit
Get yo life lined on the pavement!
Boy underground like I’m rhyming in the basement
Quick to buck it down bitch, my nine’s juss waitin’
Young’n on some SQAD shit - now niggas hatin'!
Get ya...hold up...
You might also like
I ain’t even bout to spit man, this here is Weezy man...
That was Kidd Kidd just now, just framin’ you bitch, and you know what?
Any nigga wanna rap against my dog
Or wanna put anything up against my dog
Or wanna do anything against my SQAD
My lil’ nigga Kidd Kidd out for M-Zone
ANY NIGGA wanna step to the two with the lil’ black boy
You know what I tell ‘em?
I’ll pay for it, I’ll pay for it, I’ll pay for it, I’ll pay for it
If you want it nicca, I’ll pay for it
He’ll ROAST one of you bitch ass niggas!
This is SQAD 6 The Remix
And I got Kidd back nigga!
That’s like a million strong...
M-Zone - that stand for Millionaire and MazantEmbed

