199 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishI’m On One Lyrics
I get 'em up! (I'm on one)
I get 'em up! (Fuck it, I'm on one)
I get 'em up! (I said, "I’m on one")
DJ Khaled!

Ugh, I'm getting so throwed
I ain't went this hard since I was eighteen
Apologize if I say anything I don't mean
Like, "What's up with your best friend?
We could all have some fun, believe me"
And, "What's up with these new niggas?
And why'd they think it all comes so easy?"
But get it while you here, boy
'Cause all that hype don’t feel the same next year, boy
Yeah, and I'll be right here in my spot
With a little more cash than I already got
Trippin' off you 'cause you had your shot
With my skin tan and my hair long and my fans who been so patient
Me and 40 back to work, but we still smell like a vacation
Hate the rumors, hate the bullshit, hate these fuckin' allegations
I’m just feeling like the throne is for the taking—watch me take it
You might also like
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from
I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it 'til it's done
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I’m young
And I’m only gettin' older, somebody should've told you

I’m on one, yeah
Fuck it, I'm on one, yeah
I said, "I'm on one"
Fuck it, I'm on one
Two white cups and I got that drink
Could be purple or could be pink
'Pending on how you mix that shit
Money to be got and I'ma get that shit
'Cause I'm on one
I said, "Fuck it, I'm on one"

Huh! I'm burning purple flowers, it’s burning my chest (Huh)
I bury the most cash and burning the rest (Stuntin')
Walking on the clouds, suspended in thin air (Yeah)
The ones beneath me recognize the red bottoms I wear (Check it)
Burner in the belt, move the kids to the hills (Boss)
Bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill
Kiss you on your neck and tell you, "Everything is great" (Right)
Even though I'm out on bond and might be facing eight
Still running with the same niggas 'til the death of me
Never seen a million cash, gotta count it carefully (Haha)
Ever made love to the woman of your dreams (Woo!)
In a room full of money out in London as she screams? (Woo!)
Huh! Baby, I could take it there
Call Marc Jacobs personally to make a pair
So, yeah, we on one, the feeling ain’t fair (Khaled)
And it’s double MG until I get the chair, chyeah
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from (Huh)
I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it 'til it's done
I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young
And I’m only getting older, somebody should've told you

I’m on one, yeah
Fuck it, I’m on one, yeah
I said "I’m on one"
Fuck it, I’m on one
Two white cups and I got that drink
Could be purple or could be pink
'Pending on how you mix that shit
Money to be got and I'ma get that shit
'Cause I’m on one
I said, "Fuck it, I’m on one"

I walk around the club, fuck everybody
And all my niggas got that heat, I feel like Pat Riley
Yeah, too much money ain't enough money
You know the feds listening—nigga, what money?
I’m a maid nigga, I should dust something
You niggas on the bench, like the bus coming
Huh, ain't nothing sweet but the Swishers
I’m focused, might as well say "cheese" for the pictures
Ohh, I’m about to go Andre the Giant
You a sellout, but I ain't buying
Chopper dissect a nigga like science
Put an end to your world like the Mayans
This a celebration, bitches: Mazel tov
It’s a slim chance I fall: Olive Oyl
"Tunechi" be the name, don’t ask me how I got it
I’m killing these hoes, I swear I’m tryna stop the violence
All I care about is money (Yeah) and the city that I'm from
I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it 'til it's done
I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young
And I’m only getting older, somebody should've told you

I’m on one, yeah (Young Mula, baby)
Fuck it, I’m on one (YMCMB)
Yeah, I said, "I’m on one" (Uh-huh)
Fuck it, I’m on one
Two white cups and I got that drink
Could be purple or could be pink
'Pending on how you mix that shit
Money to be got and I'ma get that shit
'Cause I’m on one (Haha)
I said, "Fuck it, I’m on one"

I get 'em up
I get 'em up
I get 'em up
DJ Khaled91Embed

