1 ContributorI Own It Lyrics
Oh we do it fellas, it's me
..fantasy, so I’m hot…
Can’t love my… Bugatti…
..24 hours, man, I’m 24 hour
Brought it there… area
And I don’t give a damn fuck!
The best of both worlds…
And never say never, you!
I’m fucking out the zone, all alone…
The French mafia, …
Transforms us monsters…
Chorus:
Tell me, tell me, I don’t own my
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t own my
I control my sway, I control my money
I control my ice, I control UK
Tell me, tell me, I don’t own my
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t own my

Good, cause I'm 'bout hunger than a muhfucker
Finger licking good never been a thumbsucker
I eat your ass good, never leave a crumbsucker
Never been a club hopper, I'm a club jumper
That mean I get the club jumping, I'm rubbing
Rappers say "Hello Wayne", I reply "What's up supper?"
I can fry your aunt's supper saucy, marinate you all day
I like my pussy saucy, cause all the rappers ?
Cause all the rappers soft, me for being the best of all
The rappers call on me cause I'm the best rapper rapping
Rappers you can call me, the best rapper rapping
I'm a dog, I'm a beast, I'm a feast
Carter, get it in order, order me, I order ?
Or artery, cause I'm a bloody buzzin' B, I'm a beast
I at least should get a piece of that pie before I die
Because I ? noone else deserve, now where is my desert?
You might also likeChorus:
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shit
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shit
I control my swag, I control my money
I control my ice, I control-
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shit
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shit
Get off the way, I’ve got my own, get off the way
I’ve got my own, get out the way
I’ve got my own, get out the way
I’ve got my own, get out the way
Get out the way, I've got my own, get out the way

I control my swag, I control my money
I control my ice, I control-
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shit
You can't tell me, tell me, I don’t-I don't own my shitEmbed

