26 ContributorsThe Other Side Lyrics
Dedication 3!
Aww
Yeah
This what y'all asked for!
L-A-D!

I'm all about that cheese, swiss or mozzarella
Muenster, Colby, American, or cheddar
When it come to robbery, nobody do it better
Notorious L.A.D., fresh Coogi sweater (Gangsta Gri-Zillz! Yeah)
The cleanest, lyrics is the meanest
Understand my English, nigga, I'm a genius
Ice like a snow cone, writing in my iPhone
Went from selling crack to selling ringtones
Straight out the projects to million-dollar homes
Inside The Carter, cooking 36 zones
Thirty-six O's, and I break 'em all down
In and out of every trap, all through the A-Town (Ill!)
The Embassy, AMG, Young Money merger
I'm a young champ Like Ben Roethlisberger (AMG!)
S.S. Chevy with the big block engine
Rims and paint cost me a whole pension, pow! (Gangsta!)

I don't need nothing but my niggas and enough weed to go around
A tinted sedan, some grams, and a loaded pound
Fuck what another nigga think of me
I'm thinking multimillions, he thinkin' Gs (Oh!)
Nigga, please—get your mind right
Fuck tryna be fresh—get your grind right
'Cause I'm like, so in another league
I throw my pitches at different degrees
And I spiral my pigskins at different speeds
And I hit threes, 'cause at different times, I release
My shot cold, nigga, I'm hot, don't be tight 'cause you not
Just be happy I'm letting you breathe
I'm the good, I'm the bad, I'm the devil, I'm Jesus
It's Young Money, bitch, the game needs us
Gudda Gudda, what it is nigga?
Kidd Kidd and Sean, get it how you live, nigga
My nigga Mack Maine just left the dealership
And Weezy just ripped the drop Phantom, so they feelin' sick
Diamond rings, diamond chains, royal suites
Private planes, palm trees, big change, I can't complain
I made a promise to myself that I'd never be a have-not
Nigga, fuck being broke, shit
Before that day come, I'll A-K stamp you
When there's beef, I'm in the center like Tyson Chandler
Fuck what you heard, in the booth, I goes off like the lights if you ain't pay and it's the third
And you already two months late with your bill
Clown nigga, you's a lame, bitch nigga, I'm Millz, Young Mula (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
You might also like
Ugh, if you didn't, now you know
It's the million-dollar nigga with the million-dollar flow
Icicle chain got a million-dollar glow
Quarter-mil' for the gang if you tryn' book a show
Temp plates on the Bentley, ridin' through the 'jects
Got a pocket full of money, nigga, hand on my Tec
I'm demanding respect, I'm a man to respect
Disrespect your man, put my hand 'round his neck
It's no other than Gudda Gudda, man
Still 'bout my money, nigga, fuck another man
I'm on the paper chase, all about the hustle, man
I be climbing through your window like I'm fucking Bruh Man
Look, I'm Shady-Aftermath, put your head in the scope
A bankroll of bucks is what these young niggas killing for
The game dirty on the streets, tryna deal yayo
Fifty clips at his hat, leave a peeled potato

I call my nina "bay," like San Diego
Get me twisted, and I'ma turn into a tornado
And all my riders riding like a Winnebago
You stay, but I'ma let that A-K go
Rawer than a 'qualone
Shoot you like "Halo," give your ass a halo
These bitches walk around acting like they J-Lo
But man, I remember when these bitches was just "Hey, ho" (Gangsta!)
"Hey ho, how you doing?" Me, I'm doing every fucking thing
Smokin' them dykes, I'm on that Mary-fucking-Jane (Gangsta!)
This shit so "Tom and Jerry" to Lil Wayne
And you MCs are just "milk and cherries" to Lil Wayne
Haha! And bitch, I'm greedy
But if I keep eatin' you rappers, I'll get sugar-diabetes
Sweetie, I'm a different species
I'll crush your two fingers into a million pieces
What the fuck do I be thinking?
"Kill, kill, murder, and Benjamin Franklin"
Your girlfriend is into them gangstas
And me—being a gangsta, I get into your girlfriend (Gangsta!)
I stay still when the world spins
And ain't nobody flyer than the Birdman
You heard me? You heard him? "Him" being me
And we are better than all y'all bitches, niggas, hoes
Enemies, foes, threes, twos, ones
But these dudes won
Dramatic!
Won
Dramatic, nigga!
The South, for real
Haha!
But not "one," 'cause, "Dedication 3," technically
Shout-out to the Dunk Ryders
Special, I fold that red flag
Right pocket, all the time
Yeah, Young Mula, baby
Gangsta Gri-Zillz!2Embed

