23 ContributorsMy Birthday Lyrics
Yeah, is the tune on? oh, it's on
Basically
I got Streets in the booth with me
Dedication trois

Now let me talk my shit
Fresh up out the water like I caught fly fish
Weezy F. bitch, I can say what I please
Swagger so cold it stay when I leave
I see you little dogs just shaking out fleas
I kill dogs like I'm making Chinese, food
Rude only when I gotta be
Sometimes I gotta tell myself not to bother me
"Tell Lil Wayne not to bother Weez!"
Shawty won't be on my team, she could cheerlead
Shit, like "Go, Wayne, go!"
Ice on a white tee, I make a snow angel
Y'all niggas squares, but ain't got no angle
My shit's so tight you can get strangled
It's Young Money, ain't no such thing as plain clothes
Polo jammers, Louis slippers
Call them "private plane clothes"
I'm taking off, going to another land
Call her misses, never going to another man
Shabba Ranks Weezy, muthafucker, I'm a lover man
Yeah talk that shit Tune
I gotta wipe my diamond grill with a tissue
I'm talking too much shit
I eat pussy and you suck dick
You might also like
They call me "Lil Nut" but my nuts aren't
The same. No homo, that's how I came in the
The game, I married Mary Jane, I seen the
Spidermane, the shit that made Pinky blow
Out the Brain brain. Told Lois Lane
I can't be a Super Mane, my whole
Suit black like bat mane and I keep that iron, mane
Any woman yellow flag me, throw me out
The game, I'm back at the halftime
Like it's just an ankle sprain
Ain't no one could do it better
More hits than Eddie Guerrerra
The flow like ? at the competitors
It's mass hysteria. Historic in
Your area, 51 alien, what planet is he from
Huh? Ain't no fun when the rabbit got the shotgun
Picture Bugz with the shotgun up to Elmer Fudd
All my thugs get dirty like we running
In the mud, we 7:30 livewires
Plug off the chain, utterly untame
Put the gun to your frame, bitch a bloodstain
Hard to come out, like a love-stain
I came from nothing, fucking calling hoes
And flying planes; who the fuck could complain?
So you mad cause I'm styling on you?
Lights off, mask on, creepy siding on you
Get violent on you, you a sissy like Sisqó
Gudda: I'm the East gang schizo
It's no coincidence, man, I bet your bitch know
How I knock her down with the Kosher dill pickle
How I yell a nigga but my heart dark like nut skin
Bitches aiming for the pockets? You get nothing
Let me get back in it, bitch
I just go ahead first, you be on that timid shit
Get head first, then I be on my Jimmy shit
Shitting on bitches with that Chris Brown
"Don't give me shit!" Niggas in the streets say
"Kill them all!" Bitch, you know we got guns
Like the Pentagon. I'm just eating nigga
I'm getting my dinner on
And your bitch licking: getting her lizard on

Talk reckless, I don't give a muthafuck
I make you do what you is, bitch nigga, duck
Come for you and your kids like nigga what
Niggas with elephantitis ain't got bigger nuts
Young Money nigga: big dicks, big trucks
I'mma smash a nigga if he try to diss us
Go to court: the case get dissmussed
Cause if we did time, your main bitch would miss us
It's Mack Maine: ain't shit to discuss
I get up in a bitch throat like hiccups
I Chris Kringle bullets with niggas like Christmas
Then turn to their female dog like "bitch, what?"
My niggas squeeze triggers like they got arthiritis
My dick big: that's why I walk like I got tendonitis
I spit nasty on the mic like I got gingivitis
The doc said I got a case of "real" nigganitis
He ain't got a vaccine or cure strong enough to fight it
See, I'm a warrior. They compare me to Leonidus
I got a set fee: I ain't about discussing prices
Cause I ain't tryna go broke like Hammer or Mike Tyson
Wish you could see my face now
Feel like I'm poltergeisting
See me in streets, be Street Fighting like
Blanka or Bison. Slicing, dicing
Like w butcher knifing. Wifing
Bitches? Never, that shit is trifling
Young Money the fucking nicest
Put words together like a fucking hypen
Nigga don't make us start fucking rifling
Nigga we got a lot of rappers striking
Standing by the harvest for fruit
Waiting for the fruit to ripen
We run up on niggas and jack the for their stipend
Catch me in Minnesota like I'm a Viking
I'm with every video vixen you liking
I'm the reason your bitch dyking
How I get like this?
I'll pump a nigga breaks, something like Midas
I try to be modest, nigga I'm honest
And this is what I did for my birthday, bitch
I ain't get no pussy though5Embed

