19 ContributorsFamous (LWA) Lyrics
Greatest DJ in the world
Best Rapper Alive
Young Money Volume 1!
LilWeezyAna!
Raj Smoove
Yo Taz, I see you
The greatest DJ in the world

OK, I spit that, get back
I'm intact, in fact, the author's authentic
OK, I spit that, get back
I'm intact, in fact, the author— (Ooh, boy!)
OK, I spit that, get back
I'm intact, in fact, the author's authentic
Oil, slick like Syntec, inject
Even the paralyzed feel my impact, as I...
Skim back over my words that's on the page
I'm lyin', I don't write, I get high and ignite
I got a serious mental plan and dental plan, and
You don't want to bring the giant out of the gentle-man
Gee, golly, gigabytes, and a gorilla's hand
To the side of a nigga face like I don't give a damn
Even if he's with his mans and thems
I put his plans and limbs all over his pants and Timbs
And I wasn't fortunate to grow up like The Sims
But instead I blew up before I grew up, haha!
I spend eight and put two up
'Cause you never know when I have to do what
Do when? Do who? Do you and you two
And you too, woohoo, haha!
Now, I'm cuckoo like birds with my words
I'm poopoo, meaning I'm the shit on you turds
Yes, and I get on your nerves
Yes, and I get on your nerves
And yes; and I get on your nerves
And sit on your mind like piss on the curb
Bitch-bitch! Disturb me? While I'm working-ing?
You are just another Earthling
Be in the game, shit I must be first-string
I like my tucks baggy and my turf clean-ean, ah!
Check my pattern/scheme
I probably have on rocks from the Moon, and Saturn's ring-ring
Uh, whose badder, give 'em a ladder
Tell them climb on up here and watch me get at her
The badder part about it is, these niggas hate
But you won't even get a bar on my mixtape
I'm probably on a boat feedin' a bitch grapes and crepes
By the way, that's French pancakes
Je parlons Francais trés bién
Garçon adore chaude lesbiennes
Pardon my French, pardon the stench
But I smoke that Grinch 'til my eyes squinch
I meant "squint," I'm so bent like a dent
But bitch, I'm still no Clark Kent
You might also like
And my Momma used to tell me
Not to let nobody fuck with me
It stuck with me
I keep it real to the world, publicly
Unbelievable
I said my Momma used to tell me
Not to let nobody fuck with me
It stuck with me
I keep it real to the world, publicly
Unbelievable

Bitches say they love you but they hate you
And they say that it's all a part of our animal nature
Son, just watch your damn behavior
'Cause every animal has a tamer
I come from where the gangstas came from
Go down like the rain that the drain sucks
Goddamn, the game sucks
Thank God I'm famous
Thank God I'm famous13Embed

