15 ContributorsSchool Shooters (Remix) Lyrics
I drink blood of school shooters
Slit throat, loose screws get fucked up
Hang his ass from flag poles with sad souls
The innocent, who the fuck’s protecting us?
Boy, you better buckle up ‘cause I got questions for you fucks, I’ve had enough

Who the fuck protecting us?
Who the fuck show respect for us?
Who accepted us, except for us?
When we looked up for them, they rejected us
Who the fuck protecting me?
It ain't a cop or deputy
It ain't a pop celebrity
When niggas pop a song from Pac
Is not gon' help me breathe, I mean
Poppa gone and mom's is missing, I ain't got a pot to piss in
A lot of my peers either popped a clip, or pop prescription
This the apocalypse so here's my proposition
Fuck it all if God intended
Guard the gates and guard the children, call my baby tell her
I ain't complainin' 'bout the cause I'm given
Or the cards they deal a nigga, God is with me nigga, yuh

I drink blood of school shooters
Slit throat, loose screws get fucked up
Hang his ass from flag poles with sad souls
The innocent, who the fuck’s protecting us?
Boy, you better buckle up ‘cause I got questions for you fucks, I’ve had enough
You might also like
(Uh) Triple X, I just popped a triple X, uh (Uh)
A school shooter, I just need attention, yeah, uh (Yeah)
Tell the principal, I ain't got no principles
I don't need no school, I got internet, yeah
Kids at school calling me different, yeah (Yeah)
So I'm tryna work on my differences, yeah (Yeah)
Cool kids at school smoke bigarettes (Yuh)
Teens with nicotine or with liquor breath
Or the semi-TEC at school, what's the bigger threat? (Boom)
Intellect mixed with inner stress (Uh)
That's a recipe for disaster
If you don't believe me, go ask any chef (Oh)
School shooter, I just need mental help (Uh)
Saved by the bell, I can't hear the bell (Uh)
Give me bad grades, I don't give a F (Whoa)
Get in front of my classmates and kill myself (Kill myself, oh)

I drink blood of school shooters
Slit throat, loose screws get fucked up
Hang his ass from flag poles with sad souls
The innocent, who the fuck’s protecting us?
Boy, you better buckle up ‘cause I got questions for you fucks, I’ve had enough

This is a dedication
This is for every shooting, every victim
Niggas with potential that never made it
This is for all the living
Let me paint the picture
How you deal with the pressure
Lil' Timmy Turner slid in depression
9 millimeter hid in the dresser
Crush pills, momma slid in the ketchup
Middle-middle schools with the metal detectors
Bulletholes in the history textbooks
Little Dylan with the 38 special
Judge hit him a wink and lecture
What a warm welcome to America
Drug dealers getting pinched on the regular
Triple double judge gave him the Westbrook
Three felonies, ten apiece, the police know this whole shit is a setup
Who the fuck gon'—, who the fuck gon' protect us?
I told my niggas if we gon' get this shit together, gotta get our shit together
Fuck the government and fuck the president, whoever square dancing with the devil
Led Zeppelin on a stair master, that's a meta, they won't never get to heaven
Fifth grade, it was different
While niggas was smoking on piff strains
I was dealing with disdain for my kindred
My kitchen was smelling like piss stains
I had family split strained from addiction
Graduation won attended
Commissary is the pension
Hairpin is on the trigger
Who would miss me if I pinch it and end it like? Ooh
I drink blood of school shooters
Slit throat, loose screws get fucked up
Hang his ass from flag poles with sad souls
The innocent, who the fuck’s protecting us?
Boy, you better buckle up ‘cause I got questions for you fucks, I’ve had enough

Agh, I got a question, where was protection?
How did this happen? Can we go backwards?2Embed

