35 ContributorsDedication to My Ex (Miss That) Lyrics
Hey y'all
I've come to talk about this girl that had my love, you see
I went away for a while and
She gave my love away, and
I really shouldn’t blame her
But now, that pussy is a stranger

Baby (Haha!)
Something's on my mind, I gotta say it
Yeah, your pussy done changed, it ain't the same
And that's a shame (A crying shame, baby)
Ooh, ain't being funny (Mm-mm)
I know another bee’s been in that honey (Dang!)
Ooh, babe, that pussy done changed (Pussy done changed)
It’s such a shame (Pussy done changed)
Girl, and that's a shame (Haha)
(Who the hell you been giving my loving to, girl?)

(No, no) Tell me where that pussy gone
(No, no) Yeah, 'cause it don’t feel the same no more
I miss that pussy, that pussy
That pussy, that pussy, yeah
No, no
Why you do me like that, baby?
(No, no) why is this happening to me?
(No, no) She told me that it was my pussy
I miss that pussy (My pussy), that pussy (That pussy)
That pussy (Good pussy), that pussy (That pussy)
That pussy, haha!
(No, no) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also like
She (Ugh)
She used to be a really special lady (My everything)
I guess she's feeling kinda freaky lately
It’s such a shame, 'cause now, the pussy's changed
Mm-mm-mm (That pussy changed, yeah, yeah, yeah)
She used to squeeze me (Hoo!)
Grip me tight enough so she could please me
But now, now, now, that pussy changed (Pussy done changed)
It’s such a shame (Pussy done changed)
That pussy changed, no, oh

(No, no) Where did your pussy go? (Where it's at, baby?)
(No, no) Mm, 'cause girl, I need to know now
I miss that pussy, that pussy
That pussy, that pussy, now (Ha)
(No, no) You see, it was on some old, "one of a kind"-type shit, baby (Yeah)
(No, no) I’m about to kill this bitch (Oh)
(No, no) She gave away all my shit
I miss that pussy (This pussy), that pussy (New pussy)
That pussy (I miss that), that pussy (Ol' pussy)
(Yeah! No, no) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Dang, darling, do change your oil
I’m your number-one fan-belt, they are not important (Ugh)
I don't use a cordless microphone, avoid them
They don’t feel real to me—meaning, "real woman"
Others peeled on me (Yeah)
You the primer on the lim'-bean-green box when I couldn’t afford a Ford (C'mon)
Clean socks scooting 'cross the floor in your—
Grandmama house (Ow!); hand on your mouth
You yap too much about the penny-ante
This mechanic's so uncanny, X-Men, X-Men
Your ex-boyfriend should thank me that I took you off his hands (Haha)
Know I can't bring another beach to the sand
And know: I am well aware that you can bring a man to his knees
And get what you need without saying "please," but—
Can you bring a man to his feet when defeat is on repeat
And they gon' put this man's Grammys on the street?
What? Why so quiet?
Hate that all of our memories happened in a Hyatt?
You were perfect before you went on a diet
You was way thicker—you think I don’t remember
Shit, the magazine got to your head
Now, somebody you don’t e'en know got you in bed
Bet your buddy don't e'en know you don’t like red
Or was it fuchsia? Fuck it—our future is dead (Yeah)
(No, no) I thought a pussycat had nine lives, man (I need to know)
(No, no) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Haha)
I miss that pussy, that pussy
That pussy, that pussy
(No, no) That pussy (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
(No, no) I'm about to kill this bitch
(No, no) She gave away all my shit
I miss that pussy (My pussy), that pussy (That pussy)
So if you see her
That pussy (That pussy), that pussy (My pussy)
Let the bitch know I'ma kill her when I see her, yeah, hahaha
(No, no) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Hahahaha, yeah
I miss you, girl!
Fuck that bitch! Ah'hahahaha8Embed

