11 ContributorsRoad Lizard Lyrics
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard, ugh
Road Lizard, ugh
Road Lizard, ugh

Look, I fucked a bitch with a broomstick
The same broom that I didn't clean my room with
Yeah, I'm on her peach like a fruit fly
Last night I bumped into God, I be too high
Like "Excuse you," I said, "Who are you?"
He said ''I'm the motherfuckin' reason you are you''
Really? Wow, you're the reason?
And all this time I thought it was bitch ass Dwayne and Cita
Hah, my niggas nutty as a fruit pie
Shoulda, woulda, coulda, mama shoulda got her tubes tied
The only job my bitch ever had is a boob job
Commit to the bitch? I'd rather commit suicide
I once knew a guy who knew a guy who had some weed
He turned out to be fruity, tried to suck my Johnny Appleseed
I ripped his fuckin heart out and gave it to my girl on Valentines Day
And she still fuckin' broke it
You hoe bitch, I hate you
Matter of fact, I love every bitch that ain't you
I heard they kick you out of heaven for dyking with angels
Ughhhhh!
I said I'll never think about you again
Then you gave me brain, you playing mind games
I tattoo these tears 'cause you a crying shame
I know you fuck niggas who on my team like Mama James
I fucked you raw, now a nigga pissing fire rain
And now my dick mad at me, fuck!
You might also like
Road lizard
I ain't crazy, these hoes crazy, pshh
Crazy as a road lizard
I ain't crazy, these hoes crazy

Man, have you ever seen a road lizard?
It's a lizard that gets stuck in the middle of the road
And like, cars keep passing
And like, it don't know where to go, because like everywhere it go
It's like a tire to the left, a tire to the right
It's like its going crazy
Road lizard!

Uh
Iguana vagina, reptile
And that sissy ass kid ain't my step-child
Should slit your motherfuckin' throat and make your neck smile
T gave me a sommer and made me calm down
And when my high came down, I burned your home down
I ain't on cloud nine, I'm on my own cloud
My friends are white, I might be hanging with the wrong crowd
Get it? Hangin'?
I'm titty-banging a bitch who still wear a training bras
I ate her fuckin heart out, it came with fries
And a soft drink, I don't blink, I see it all
My dick a ballerina, let me stick it in your leotard
How the fuck these bitches gonna call me a dog?
Hold my dick above your head like a MVP award
Haha, I head you're back fucking your old nigga
I get in my car and run-over the motherfuckin' -
Road lizard
I ain't crazy, these hoes crazy, haha
Crazy as a road lizard
I ain't crazy, you hoes crazy

Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
Road Lizard
I ain't crazy, these hoes crazy
Yeah!3Embed

