20 ContributorsFix My Hat Lyrics
Swagger in place, now let me get to it
I'm badder than your nigga and the niggas next to him
I do me, bitch, what are you doin'?
Teardrop Tune got you bitches boohooin'
Weezy F. Baby ga-ga-goo-gooin'
And girl, I swear, if you start chewin', I'm suin'
Ha ha, yeah, and to the paper I'm gluin'
And my trunk ain't big but big enough to fit you in
Have your people like "Where the hell you went?"
They find your ass with everything but movement
And money talks and I speak it fluent
And I keep them tools so don't be screwin' around
Uptown in this bitch like always
Young Money on the grind, no off-days
Young Money got cheese like Hog Heads
Now lay it down just like MJG and Ball said, yeah

And I'm... I'm so hardbody
So... now I'm so hardbody
What you niggas wan' do?
That's a big difference from what you're gon' do, yeah
Haha, spotlight on you, yeah, haha

Hol' up, lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme fix my hat (Fix my hat)
Hol' up (Hol' up), lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, my hat, my hat
Hol' up (Hol' up), lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up (Hol' up, hol' up), lemme fix my Gat, my Gat
Hol' up, lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme... Hehe!
You might also like
My brother Marley G said, "You boys ain't shit
You can't name a bad bitch that the boy ain't with"
Same bad bitch that the boy came with
Same bad bitch that you boys can't get
I'll be goddamned if the Marl ain't hit
Take your girl and straight spoil that bitch
You know my niggas? Yeah, I give them all that bitch
Then drop her ass off and never call that bitch
Ya dig? My brother Mack Maine taught me that
I swear it's like the nigga wrote the game almanac
Dude! How could you even want her back?
And just in case I forget my name, I made her get it on her back, yeah

Well hol' up, lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme fix my hat (Fix my hat)
Hol' up, lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, my hat, my hat
Hol' up (Hol' up), lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up (Hol' up, hol' up), lemme fix my Gat, my Gat
Hol' up, lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme... Hehe!

Hollygrove animal—come on, try to tame me
Tell your ma I'm bad, and tell your grandma I'm dangerous
Tell your pa he pussy, tell your brother he a bitch
I'm "On your mark, set, go"-running this shit
I'm thuggin' this bitch on some rock-and-roll shit
Need Calamine lotion, see, my pockets swole, bitch
And they wonder why I sing and changed all my outfits?
'Cause all y'all rappers ain't talkin' 'bout shit
I'ma ball out, bitch and, boy, I wish
All y'all assholes get off my dick, pause
New Orleans 'til I die
Secondline, secondline, tambourines in the sky, yeah!
Lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme fix my hat (Fix my hat)
Hol' up, lemme fix my hat
Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, my hat, my hat
Hol' up (Hol' up), lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up (Hol' up, hol' up), lemme fix my Gat, my Gat
Hol' up, lemme fix my Gat
Hol' up, hol' up, lemme... Hehe!2Embed

