35 ContributorsDick Pleaser Lyrics
Marley, I be you!
Shout-out Too Short
I'm going in
The Aphilliates, nigga! Holla at your boy

I got a bitch named Keisha, she a real dick pleaser
But shawty from Cuba, still working on her visa
Her girlfriend, Lisa—met her in Puerto Rico
How she don't suck dick but expect for me to eat her?
I got a bitch named Keisha, she a real dick pleaser
I got a bitch named Keisha, she a real dick pleaser

I got a bitch named Keisha, she a real dick pleaser
But shawty from Cuba, still working on her visa
Her girlfriend, Lisa—met her in Puerto Rico
How she don't suck dick, but expect for me to eat her?
That ho crazy, man, you don't wanna meet her
But her homegirl, Nita, swallow cum by the liter
She look good in boy shorts and a beater
But this other girl, Quita, way sexier than Nita
I ain't lying—she the... hottest bitch, heater
But I'm a fucking freezer, yeah, I'ma fucking leave her
Yeah, I'm a fucking eagle, flyer and deeper
Smoke like a Cohiba, your ho give me cerebral
Now, get low and touch your toes for my people
And if you ain't fucking them, you ain't fucking me either
You think your man hot? Well, fuck it, me: ether
Heard I got guap, wanna kick it like FIFA
Every day Christmas 'cause I'm smoking that wreath-a
Keep a lot of bitches like Queen Latifah
I am Southern-land, not Kiefer
Y-M-E for "Young Money Entertainment," ha
Run, dummy, finna bang it
You want beef? Then my money will arrange it
I am not fucking finna aim it
But that Nina Ross shout for me when I'm angry
Yeah, Hollygrove, biatch
Sloppy like Joe, you better go get G-I
All my guns knee high, M-O-N-E-Y
That's what I rely on, I'm gone
"He high"—yep, I'm three-high
I'm just schoolin' these fucks like DeVry
College institution, finals and confusion
Stop with your excuses; hip-hop, I am seducin'
Beat you like producers, eat you like produce
Man, I'll fuck your girl 'til her pussy got no juice
Now, she can't produce, so you won't be needing that, baby
'Cause all you really need is Weezy F. Baby
You might also like
All right, let me vent for a minute. See, the problem I got with the game is: There are no gatekeepers in hip hop. Who's letting these wack niggas in? I mean, can someone please put a combination lock on the door? And stop giving out the code? Goddamn! Hey, Millz, show 'em how it's done!

I knew this freak named Tammy from around the way
She used to go to Catholic school back in the day
Now, she stripping in Sue's for a stack a day
But she bring it all to Daddy, so that's okay
I got a bitch named Lola, true dick-smoker
Part-time broker; late nights, she work at Strokers
Her cousin named Mocha got a insane spine
But it's crazy 'cause I fucked 'em both at the same time
I even got a bitch in the Bay named Jessica
I swear, she might give the best mouth in America
Vanessa got a attitude, but her ass meaner
She remind me of this ho I used to fuck named Sabrina
Ugly lil' thing from the home of the Ravens
I only kept her 'round 'cause the ass was amazing
Tiffany and Emily, my bona fide sluts
When I cum, they touch tongues and share that nut
Got a white chick down in Florida named Sasha
On my mama, her head golden like an Oscar
And I met her through Tasha
At the condo, she let me fuck her on the washer
September nigga, so you know he nasty
And if she nasty, we do the nasty
Now, I tell a bitch like this
You gotta take ten dicks before you meet the president
Young Money! (Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)
Okay, I know this one honey
I call her "Track Star" 'cause when we fuck, she run from me
And I'm hella fly, and her dude dumb-bummy
And I don't get girls, I make her get one for me
My weed real plummy and real gummy
And my flow is harder than an anvil, honey
Shoot these niggas with the handheld, honey
I paper-chase, fuck standstill money
Niggas kill with me and kill for me
Best believe we riding if the fan belt running
Leave a motherfucker just laying there, bloody
I'm from the Dirty and I make it rain—damn, that's muddy!
She just wanna be my cuddy buddy
And on these tracks, I go nutty-butty
What it dizz-oo? Is you or is you ain't my baby?
Baby?11Embed

