21 ContributorsIDK (Run The World) LyricsWow
Wow
What's happenin'? (Yeah)
Yeah (Yeah)
What's poppin' y'all? (What's poppin' y'all?)
It's Tunechi Lee in this motherfucka (Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi)
This mixtape is called Sorry 4 the Wait (Sorry 4 the Wait)
Carter 4 comin' soon August 29th (C4)
But in the meantime (Uh-huh), in between time (Woo)
I'm sorry for the wait (I'm sorry for the wait, yeah)
You see, I know I promised (Yeah) a whole lotta dates, so
I'm sorry for the wait (I'm sorry for the wait, yeah)
Ya dig? You see
I know you all have been patiently waiting (Uh-huh)
Well I hope you all have been patiently waiting (Uh, uh-huh)
Because I am (Yeah), sorry for the wait (Yeah, sorry for the wait, yeah)
Um, I hope my apology is accepted (Ayy, ayy)
Just as well as ma music is (Ayy)
(I'm the best) But onto anotha subject (I'm the best)
What yall been doin?'
I been chillen like a mothafucka (Yeah, yeah, uh-huh)
Yeah, my children gettin' older
Yeah, my bitches gettin' colder (Shoutout Detail)
(Oh, Menace what's poppin'?) Yeah
My money gettin' older (Uh, huh, Jay Rock), yeah (Uh)
Got dat new money too though, shawty
You might also likeBut nothin' betta then that old money (Everybody on the tour wit' me)
You see (2-11)
Shoutout to ma homies as always (Yeah)
Fe Fe, what it is?
T-street, what it is? (Uh-huh)
Lil T, what it is? (Uh-huh)
Du Fute, what it is? (Uh-huh)
Raw Dia, I see you
Lil Thugga, I see ya
Lil Flow, I see ya
I like to say thank you to the people who helped me with this mixtape (Yeah)
My nigga Mike Banger (Oh)
Raw Dia (Oh)
Lil Thugga (Oh)
Lil Flow (Oh)
I thank you (I thank you)
T.I. (I thank you)
Believe that (I thank you)
Believe that (I thank you)
Shout out to my nigga Mack Maine (I thank you)
Shout out to my nigga Lil Twist (I thank you)
Shout out to my nigga T street
Shout out to my nigga Fido (Yeah)
Shout out to my nigga Lil Twist (Yeah)
Shout out to my nigga Lil Chuckee (Uh-huh)
I know I said Lil Twist already (Apology), but fuck it
Shout out to my girl Shanell
Shout out to Nicki Minaj (Yeah)
Shout out to my nigga Lil Drizzy (Uh-huh)
Shout out all y'all (All y'all)
Shout out Lil Tyga Tyga (Birdman, yeah)
Shout out dog (Uh)
Fuzee Baby (Fuzee)
BP (Uh)
Hit a bitch with a car bomb (Ayy)
Hit a bitch with a car bomb (Ayy)
Hit a bitch with a car bomb (Ayy)
Uh
Are you kidding nigga ?
Vp James what's poppin
Ari (you know Brooklyn)
Yeah, are here are yu kidding, nigga
Shoutout EO
Shoutout my nigga Jason
Steady j rounds as a kill these niggas yeh
Shoutout ....
Marisa
Ms. Nicki Minaj
Shoutout to all the people who hold me down during them 8 months
Everybody all the fans I can't do nuttin wit out yu I sware to god
When I look in the mirror I don't see ma self I see yall
That's what I live for I live for yall I did this for yall
And if yall don't want me to do it no more then I won't
That I mean
Young money
Shoutout to ma...
(Too much talking at the same time )
Be looking for the carter 4 august 29th coming soon
I'm sorry for the wait
Just wanna make up for the time ya digg
Shoutout my nigga Drizzy gotta new album coming
Tyga Tyga Lil Twist and Shanelle Coming
Checkout Lil twist new single as well1Embed

