63 ContributorsOne  Big Room (Gucci Gucci) Lyrics
One big room full of bad bitches
One big room full of bad bitches
One big room full of bad bitches
One big room full of bad bitches
Sorry for the wait!
One big room full of bad bitches (Yeah!)
One big room full of bad bitches
Tez pushed the album back, man!
One big room full of bad bitches
One big room full of bad bitches (Sorry!)
Ugh!

Fuq' got the weed, Marl' got the gun
They say numbers don't lie; bitch, I'm not the one
Hammers in your face, this is not a dream
And you're getting every page of this magazine
Bumping UGK, talking about a murder
We roll a Dr. J and then we light that Julius Erving
I got pussy on the way and pussy on the way out
Life is a beach and these hoes trying to lay out
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga!
Glock 4-tini, nina colada
Suck, swallow; semen, saliva
I am going at your collar; fuck you hoe niggas
Weezy go hard, you bitches go figure
Diamonds in my teeth like I'm a fucking dope dealer
You're a dead man walking: Michael Jackson, Thriller
You might also like
I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, yeah!
One big room, full of bad bitches (Ugh! Ugh!)
One big room, full of bad bitches (Yeah!)
One big room, full of bad bitches (Ugh, ugh, it go...)
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya
One big room, full of bad...

Back where I started on my set, in black
All-chrome Glock looking like a platinum plaque
We don't pack extra clips, we pack extra gats
And all my hoes dirty like welcome mats
'Til the wheels fall off; I can fix a flat
If you're scared, go to church and get a scripture tat
Guns the size of children; now, don't be childish
Be with wild-ass niggas, and I am the wildest
I'm a motherfucker; call me Weezy, baby
And on the end of the barrel, I got a sweet potato
My life is a movie, I got a leading lady
My rooftop drop back like Tom Brady
I got the world in my hands, skateboard and my Vans
And all my boys stay strapped like we live in Iran
I know what I can do, so, bitch, I do what I can
Dropped that Sorry 4 the Wait, man, I'm just saying
I-I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, yeah!
One big room, full of bad bitches (Haha!)
One big room, full of bad bitches (Ugh!)
One big room, full of bad bitches (Haha! Ayo, I- I- Yo!)
One big room, full of bad bitches
Ayo, Kreayshawn, you can get it! (I'm sorry for the wait!)
One big room, full of bad bitches
Yo, yo! Kreayshawn, you can get it! (BP, I see you!)
One big room, full of bad bitches (Fükey, baby!)
Straight up! You can get it!
One big room, full of bad bitches (Mike Banger!)
Drop the Golden Gate Bridge! (Uh-huh!)
One big room, full of bad bitches
Scoo-Scoo, what's good?
One big room, full of bad bitches
Drop the Golden Gate Briiiidge!
One big room, full of bad bitches
Hood, I see you! (I'm gone)
AHHHHHHHHHHHH I'm sorry for the wait!4Embed

