4 ContributorsCannon (Remix) Lyrics
Alright, Mr. Thanksgiving, this for the money this time
Yeah
Drama

Howdy-do, motherfuckers, it's Weezy Baby
Niggas bitchin' and I gotta tote the (Cannon)
Haha, listen close, I got duct tape and rope
I leave you missing like the fucking O'Bannons
One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming
Don't make that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggas know I'm sick, I don't spit, I vomit, got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says, "Shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him, 'Catch up,' like mayonnaise," um...
I'm the sickest nigga doing it, bet that, baby
These other niggas dope, I'm wet crack, baby, yes!
Get back, get back, boy, this a setback
Clumsy-ass niggas slip and fall into a deathtrap
Them boys pussy, born without a backbone
And if you strapped, we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet 'em up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon and get my howl on
Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush
And when it comes to that paper, I stack books, ha
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on your head
Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga, Fee
See, every motherfucker at the door don't get a key
You're outside looking in, so tell me what you see
It's about money, it's bigger than me
I tell my homies, "Don't kill him, bring the nigga to me," yeah
Don't miss, you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again
You might also like
Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Yeah, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)
Yeah, straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Nigga, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)

Ayo, ayo, I make it hard for rap niggas, I'm peer pressure (Yes)
Matter of fact I'm motivation to rap better (Yes)
I show niggas how to act, how to dress better
I stay fresh, more fitted caps than bat catchers (Woo)
I'm the crack, the smack, the gun, the rule
The gat, the strap, the gun, the tool
The motherfucking (Cannon!)
Other words, I'm the real, for real
We can go check for check or bill for bill
We can go chick for chick or skill for skill
The deal is sealed, niggas ain't real as Will
'Cause I'm a (Cannon!)
And I handle well, pedal like Cannondale
And I got the 50-cal mag, it's a handheld (Cannon, nigga)
I'm telling you niggas, I pop, put a shell in you niggas
My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggas
I got whores in the Canon camcorder bending over
Blowing 'ghan by the quarter, weed odor in the Rover, nigga
Ugh, from Philly to where I'm landing I'm a (Cannon!)
And I'm on that Philly fighting shit, and I come fully equipped
You try me, get bodied, keep nina and shotty in the whip
If a nigga try to stick me, I'ma blam him
Sing along now, "Di-di-dadi," I'm Free, got the butters
Got the green, he got the tan, got the whole enchilada
Owe me dough, I'm inside of your house, tie up your brother
Make the prick call up your mother
She might know where to find you, I am...
On top of my job, the heavyweight champ of the flowers
Flow like the ocean, open water, ya drowning, I will
Four-pound him and sink him, heat him, then leave him stinking
Sharks surround him and eat him, nice to know him, I will (Yeah)
Roll over your squad like I'm "One-Punch" Carr
You chumps, you best call General Motors, I will
Take control of your soldiers, you won't miss 'em (Alright man)
'Til I toss em in the wok like chicken, General Tso, uh-oh! (Ayy)

This rap shit like digging in the register
Dealing with big embezzlers
Get it right, I'm better than "better than my competitors"
Ahead another level up, me, I'm worth 'leven-plus
I could stop rapping—ain't I already said enough?
The whole motherfucking game owe me, time to settle up
If I move forward a little slower, you'll be catching up (Hold up)
Now that's the shit you need to listen for
'Cause where I'm from, niggas dumb
They'll give you what you itching for
It's a issue in which you're best to handle your business, bruh
'Cause ain't no politicking with killers coming to get you, bruh
They all go, they all know to hold fire
In the dark, shoot sparks like rims with no tires
I don't deal with the lames, I'd much rather blow by you
They known to spit a lot of hot air like blowdryers
And I'm really off the wire, look at me, I'm on fire
Here's some useful information if you don't know Sire
Just know I got cake (Cake), and I'm not fake (Fake)
So you should show a nigga instead of doing an about-face
And if not, all you got to say is you want to get busy
And I'm down, get with me, any town, pick a city, fuck nigga!
Cannon!Embed

