31 ContributorsHigher Than a Kite Lyrics
Hello world
Young Mula, baby

Murda dem, murda dem (Yeah)
Just one word, body a third of them (Nicki)
I kick-kick game, can't injure Nicki (Minaj)
That's why they nick-nicknamed me, Ninja Nicki (Lewinsky)
I'm such a yes, and you're a no-no
Live with a Dragon, and wear a kimono
I'm from the Philippines (Yeah), badder than Billy Jean
Guess that is why I get more head than an a guillotine
But then I'm dumb struck (Why?) 'cause you bums suck (Oh)
Where the um—, where the fuck is my nunchuck?
I'm in Tokyo (Yeah) with the Cokio (Yeah)
Somebody sleepin' in my bed like Nokio
I'm gettin' ill (Yeah), I been poppin' a pill again (Yeah)
I'm on an Island and I'm lookin' for Gilligan
Where my Timberland? (Yeah) I got 'em tremblin' (Yeah)
Can't find my keys, but I know, I hear them jinglin' (Damn)
You're such a Marilyn Monroe and Manson
I'm got some heroin, wanna go dancin'?
You at the door? Okay, I'm 'bout to come down
I'm gettin' numb now, don't let me come down
You might also like
Sniffin' on some good blow (Nicki Minaj)
It's like I'm sippin' on the tempo
And I can't come down now (It's the president, y'all, and that's the mistress)
'Cause I'm higher than, higher than, higher than a kite (Young Mula, baby)

Yeah, I do what I does
I come through this bitch, wrist bluer than cuz
I'm so five star, suwoop to the Bloods
And before I had a mirror, I knew who I was (Ya dig?)
I know where I'm goin', I knew where I was
Yeah, d-d-d-di–, dirty south, see my shoe full of mud
Baby, who can you trust? Who can you love?
When love kills, like somebody gave Cupid a gun?
It go pow, like you shootin' for fun
And sometimes the solution is execution for some
Besides, you don't want that intrusion at 1 a.m
And the conclusion is you losin' a son
No inducin' my funds, I smoke the fruitiest blunts
I mean the stupidest buds, I get stupid as duh
I swear my doobie is uh—, fat, and just like it, you can get lit
Shit don't stank, when you shittin' in the bank
When her man run an errand, I'ma hit her like Hank
Look him in the eye and a nigga might blink
Aim at his brain and a nigga might think, Weezy
Sniffin' on some good blow (Young Money)
It's like I'm sippin' on the tempo (Dirty Money)
And I can't come down now (Cash Money)
'Cause I'm higher than, higher than, higher than a kite (Young Mula, baby)

Yo, It's the President man and the Mistress
Ms. Nicki Minaj a.k.a Nicki Lewinsky
Yeah, and I am the president, shut yo' mouth5Embed

