45 ContributorsErrrbody (Remix) Lyrics
R—R—Remix!
Nonstop

Errrbody wanna be a dope boy
Errrbody wanna be a coke boy, errrbody got a chopper
Errrbody get money, errbody say they from the hood
Errbody real but they not, boy
Errr bitch say that she a bad bitch
Errbody on Instagram, lookin' like (I ain't got Instagram)
Errbody say they started from the bottom, now they at the top
(Ugh) Go!

Really had crack in the nineties
Really hid guns from my momma, nigga, ask about me
Money, weed, pain pills, drank
Four-course meal, I got full off the appetizer
Bitch, I really got shooters right beside me
Really got groupies in the lobby, hooping and a-holl'ing
And I really got bazookas with the silence'
Pointed right at your medulla oblongata, ramen noodles on your collar
I maneuver like a cougar with the chopper
Connoisseur, entrepreneur, pursuing every dollar 'til I got 'em
Got a crew of niggas who will get it popping if it's popping
Y'all newer niggas ain't really popping—that's what's popping
Got a crew of bitches coming, pussy-popping—that's what's popping
And we gon' do it big, astronomic, catastrophic
Everybody saying that they fucking everybody
Everybody saying that I'm fucking everybody, Lil Tune!
You might also like
Errrbody wanna be a dope boy
Errrbody wanna be a coke boy, errrbody got a chopper
E—Errrbody get money, errrbody say they from the hood
Errrbody real, but they not, boy (Ha!)
Errr bitch say that she a bad bitch
Errrbody on Instagram looking like they mad rich
But they not (I say this shit for errrbody!)
Errrbody say they started from the bottom
Fuck that, we still at the bottom!

Anybody get it
Had to leave the streets, 'cause everybody snitchin'
Why these niggas marry strippers, when they everybody bitches?
My fault (That ain't everybody business) Ha!
Really got partners in the Feds
Really transitioned out the street, really-really got some bread
I'm a different type of nigga, I'ma play my position
I like different type of bitches (Payin' mortgage and tuition)
Why everybody tryna get likes, tryna get followers
And every bad bitch is a model (Errrbody)
And everybody livin' pound blessed, #NiggaWeMadeIt (Sike!)
When everybody got problems (Errrbody)
I know a lot of rappers dead broke, living note to note
Waitin' for the label to say go
Fuck that, I'm independent (Chyeah!), CMG still winning
I done pulled up in the white Ferrari, Lam, Lamborghini, screaming
Errrbody wanna be a dope boy
Errrbody wanna be a coke boy, errrbody got a chopper
E—Errrbody get money, errrbody say they from the hood
Errrbody real, but they not, boy (Ha!)
Errr bitch say that she a bad bitch
Errrbody on Instagram looking like they mad rich
But they not (I say this shit for errrbody!)
Errrbody say they started from the bottom, now they at the top

I said this shit here for errrbody
Errrbody
My turn, haha
Luda!

Everbody wanna say that they the best rapper on Earth (On Earth)
Too full of yourself, every day, y'all suck
Need a pat on the back 'til y'all burp (*Burp*)
I've been gettin' money every day
Since before rappers started wearing these skirts (Skirt!)
And your girl say my dick like a nine-to-five
So every day, I be putting in work, let's go!
Everybody ain't built for the spotlight (Nah)
Everybody ain't got this watch (This watch)
Everybody got 99 problems
But ain't got sacks like J.J. Watt
I smoke that Silverhaze, that Train Wreck
That Blueberry, that Blue Cheese (Smoke)
Thousand dollar belt around my waist, motherfucker
Y'all dragonfly (Yeah), I'm Bruce Lee
While I was on the fourth (Fourth), y'all was on the third (Third)
Never slung a quarter (Quarter), never slung a bird (Bird)
But I'll kill any rapper sipping lean, smoking green
On a hot sixteen, and that's my motherfucking word
Been gone too long, but I'm coming back around
So I'm guessing everybody can't catch up
How he go from a OG to the freshmen class?
Tell these niggas I'm next up
Errrbody wanna be a dope boy
Errrbody wanna be a coke boy, errrbody got a chopper
E—Errrbody get money, errrbody say they from the hood
Errrbody real, but they not, boy (Ha!)
Errr bitch say that she a bad bitch
Errrbody on Instagram looking like they mad rich
But they not (I say this shit for errrbody!)
Errrbody say they started from the bottom, now they at the top

I said, this shit here for errrbody, errrbody54Embed

