19 ContributorsThis What I Call Her Lyrics
Ayy— Ayy, Fee
I saw this girl the other day. She gave me her number, right? You think I should call her?
You better, nigga
I think I should call her
You better, nigga
You think I should call her?
You better, nigga
Tch— I should call her
When I call her, I’ma be like— I’ma be like, “Ayy—“
Should I be like, “Darling—“
Or should I call her “beautiful,” or— (Gangsta— Gangsta—)
Something nice, you know?
That’s sweet
That sweet shit?
Should I just be like, “Bitch!” Like— (Gangsta— Gangsta—)
How ‘bout “Miss?” “Miss!”
“Miss!” Okay— (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)

Ms. Butter Pecan, caramel, Southern belle
She hotter than a summer day in Hell
I'm under her spell; she say her name was Chantel
She say she got a man—I can't tell
Because when we be rockin', we get it poppin like a Amstel
Like, right up in the hotel—maybe the stairwell
She blows kisses to my handheld
She's an angel—her name should be "Angel"
I'm blessed, I kill her with the rich man smell
She got a wet manhole, and your mans fell, whoa!
I slipped in her inkwell
I saw jellyfish and seashells—no further details
I love the smell of a female
And you're one hell of a female
I'm tellin' you, female: Get in the CL
And let it be sweet sailin' and late night emailin'
Ooh! She feel me
Ooh, Fee! Fee! I think she feel me—oww!
You might also like
Yeah, she feel me (Ooh, oh)
Fee! I think— I think she feelin’ me, man
E-I, I think she diggin’ me, man (I think she feelin’ me, man, ha)
I told you, I told you (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)

Okay, I called her on a late night
It was late, right; I was on her ass like some brake lights
But I ain't stop for the red lights
We get it poppin' 'til the blue and red lights come knockin'
Neighbors keep trippin', we keep fuckin'
Sex revolution; baby, I'm comin'—
Down the hallway that lead to your stomach, mami
I'ma keep pumpin' 'til you scream, "Young Money!"
And me and your boyfriend is not the same
I go's down like the stock exchange, and then, I bring it up!
'Scuse me, I drink it up
I leave you soakin' wet from your ankle up—shucks!
I'm too much!
Fee! I'm too much!

Yeah! Yeah, haha! I’m too much! (Alright)
Baby girl, you could call me a slut, ha!
Yeah, you could call me a slut, baby (Hey)
I be your slut, baby (Girl)
Yeah, I'm too much!
Young Money, motherfucker!
We about to rule the world! (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)
Well, if not, we about to rule the girls! Alright3Embed

