21 ContributorsAlphabet Bitches Lyrics
Santana I see you, haha
Citas's son!
Mama please don't be mad at me for this one
But I gotta tell my story...
I had to do it
Check, my name is Weezy baby
Please say the baby
If you're not, don't say it at all
This is my story

Well, the A is for Ashley, she always ask for me
To take it out her pussy, put it right in her ass
And the B is for Britney, she right in the class
She be hating on Ashley, 'cause she tight in the ass
The C is for Christina want me to big screen her
The way she dick Kiss should be a misdemeanor
So if you seen her, I been searchin but can't find her
Ever since I been with Diamond with Diamonds in her vagiña
And the E is for ever-elegant Erika
Sweet red bitch, we used to call her Miss America
I ain't gon' lie, now, Erika is a dog
And to them Magnolia niggas, she done fucked 'em all, Slim!
Speaking of Slim, the F is for Fat
A real skinny ho so you know why they call her that
And the G for Gabrielle, you can call her Gabby
But all my homeboys seem to call her "Nasty," man!
You might also like
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches (Geah!)
I get bitches (say what), I get bitches (say who)
I get bitches (say huh), I get bitches
You got (oh), you got (oh)
You got (oh), you got-oh!

H is for my H-town homegirl Heather
Head, haze, purple, pussy, pills, forever
My mami's dedicated, aww, yeah
She neva tell me n"o," the most she say is "Not here"
And then, uh, I is for Isis, mami a Pisces
She fuck rappers for free, but hit them actors with prices
They always pay 'cause her body the nicest
But I hit that everyday, back when I had the wife-ahhhhh
J for Joanessa, kinda sexy with light eyes
She didn't make the band but she still doing quite fine
The K for Kia, I hate that bitch
Because she super fucking fine but she can't take that dick
And then the L is for LaKia, that's Kia's twin
Night and day, every time we fuck, I fall right in
And the M is for Maria, María, Mariá
She hangs out with NeCole whose fucking Olivia, well!
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches (Geah!)
I get bitches (say what), I get bitches (say who)
I get bitches (say huh), I get bitches
You got (oh), you got (oh)
You got (oh), you got, oh!

P for Paulina she go all night
If I don't fuck her once a week, she pro'ly go on strike
And the Q is for Queen 'cause she is my Queen
No, she can't ride it like Renata, but her body is mean
And the S is for Shayna, a sucker in bed
She take advantage of the fact that I'm a sucker for head
And the T is for Tara, too much mascara
Tone down on the blush, like you tryna scare us
U for Ursula, she with Vicky
They both come over and work out with me
The W for Wanda, she kinda remind ya
Of that game Street Fighter, hands like E. Honda
The Y for Yvette, she get wetter than most
She always tryna get high, but I just let her get low
And last, but not least, the Z goes to Zara
She get high off zinfandel and masturbate to The Carter
Yeah!
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alpha Bitches (Geah!)
These are my bitches, my Alphabet Bitches
I get bitches (say what), I get bitches (say who)
I get bitches (say hanh), I get bitches (OH!)
You got (oh), you got (oh), you got (oh), you got oh! Ah!6Embed

