38 ContributorsSeat Down Low Lyrics
Yeah
It's me and T, man
T.I.
Dot-com, bitch! Hahahahaha!
T.I.P., fuck with your boy
Ayy, that is my brothers, ladies and gentlemen, T.I., and he is the king, bitch
Don't get that shit twisted
And me? I am the best rapper alive—ladies and gentlemen, hello!
This is Da Drought 3
And it's been a minute since I've rapped on a Mannie Fresh beat, but, uh...
I guess I go 'head on and show these niggas what to do with one of your beats, man
Listen

I like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked
Riding with a bad ho with her girlfriend in the back
I like to get real high, and I never look back
And you don't wanna try, man—don't I look strapped?
I come from the hardest city, ain't nobody fucking with it
Got a black-and-gold soul, with a fresh New Orleans fitted
And a collar Polo and a pair of Bally Bucks
Young Money, motherfucker, know you worried 'bout us
Cash Money, motherfucker, CMR, I trust
Never had my jaw broken, but his jaw, I bust
And I probably got your girlfriend on my bus
What happens on my bus stays on my bus
And that white widow weed out the jar is a must
If you give me a cigar, then a cigar, I bust
Put that white widow weed in the cigar and puff
Look ma, I'm tryna make a porno, starring us
Well, not just us—a couple foreign sluts
Yeah, we could make this a ménage à trois-ing, darling
I be with Jim Jones, and we be balling—balling?
Yeah, baby, we balling, like Rawlings and Spalding
Pint of DJ Screw and that Hawaiian, I am—
Leaning like a three-legged lion, climbing—
Right to the top of the motherfucking mountain, counting
I'm gonna need me and a accountant to count it
Mannie got this fucking beat pounding—it's pounding
But it was just lost until I found it—I found it
Stole it like a scoundrel, Hollygrove hound it
Put this bitch to sleep—fucking right—I nightgowned it
Niggas talkin cheap; tell them niggas, "Pipe down, bitch!"
Bloods in the building, and now, everybody soundless
Beating up this track like a motherfucking round-fist
Blind, deaf, or crazy, I'ma spit, like a long kiss
I am just a Martian, ain't nobody else on this—
Planet, I know; see, I live by my only
Say, where my cheese, nigga? Where my macaroni?
Baby, I get up in that ass and act a donkey
Candy on candy, nigga, gripping the grain
See, I am the only fire that can live in the rain
I am so, so New Orleans
Like 18-25-TULANE!
You might also like
Hahaha.... See, you gotta be from New Orleans to know what the fuck I'm talkin bout
And if you don't, fuck you
Hahaha
I say what I want
And I don't want nothing
'Cause I got everything, bitch4Embed

