98 ContributorsTake Kare Lyrics
(Take care of her)
Now
Young Moo–, Young Moolah, baby
(Take care of her)
Young Moo–, Young Moolah, baby
(Take care of her)
Rich Gang
(Take care of her)
We got London on da Track
Hey!

Boolin' at the basketball game (Boolin')
Dressed in Balmain (Fresh)
Dropped a hundred on the whole thing (And what?)
Inside cost a whole thing (And what?)
And I'ma give you my all, first my whole name (Oof)
I'm in her mouth just like Colgate (Ahh)
I'm really feelin' super, like eight (Whew)
Ayy, hey (Hey)
Like or hate, ladies man like bait (Woo)
Hop inside a Bentley with a red paper plate
Every time they hate, I throw them bands like a bouquet (Woo)
I ain't Ray J but you can be my Kim K (K)
Feelin' like Lil Flip, in love with green, don't look gay (Ooh)
I'll never believe what Lil' Kim say (Ooh)
Water like Phelps and you can jump in my league (Hey)
Run into my head like a deer when it's late (Gah)
Man, everywhere she go, she ballin' (Boy)
Yeah she got Xans, she like, "Where Tar at?" (Geek)
She don't gangbang, she say she bang gangs (Bang)
And she'll fight, might knock 'em out the ring (Bang)
Out of cold Pepsi, she'll whip it like a waiter (Woo)
I just wanna nut, she say that's easy like a baker (Woo)
She just want a nigga, I don't serve but I love maple (Woo!)
And therefore she gon' watch me like cable, ayy (Hey)
You might also like
Take care of her!
If, if I don't do nothin' in the world, swear to God I'll take care of her (And what?)
Take care of lil' mama, take care of baby mama (And what?)
Take care of her (And what?)
Take care of her, take care of her (And what?)
Take care of her (And what? And what? And what?)
Ooh-aah (Woo!)

On a million, goin' to meet a billion (Chasin', chasin' racks!)
Brand new Bentley, you could keep the ceiling (Skrrt skrrt, woo)
(Rich Gang) Ooh! (Ahh!)
Take a trip to Peru
Baby suck my dog like Snoop (Hey)
Blood gang, big ups, suwoo (Blatt)
Dinosaur bankroll, woo, woo (Big racks)
H&M ballin',  hundred ten (Ahh, ahh!)
Throw my boy 6, bim bim (Ahh, ahh!)
Baby keep that pussy (Ahh, ahh, ahh!)
Baby keep that pussy clean trimmed (Woah)
Bought a castle with my last deal (Woah)
Boy don't talk about no fast deal (Ahh)
Lil' nigga, you late (What?)
Okay (Get it)
I'ma put the pedal to the Wraith (Skrrt)
I'ma pull the pedal, not the brake (What)
Ice inside my ring, you can skate (Skate)
Yeah, this shit cold like a case (Nigga, what?)
That a nigga went and snitched, dealing with (Ooh, ooh)
All these mothafuckin' bitches (Main bitch)
I'm the shit, girl, I'm the shit (Grr)
I'ma build a hole for a snitch, not a ditch, shit
(Moolah, Moolah)
They be hatin' on my girl, though
And they wish they was the bitch they hatin'
Salutations to my old hoes
And thank you for your participation
No chaser for my girl, though (Rich girl)
She go harder than me on occasion
Gettin' wasted with my girl
Then we sixty-nine 'til we need ventilation
You don't know about it
Gotta open new accounts 'cause the others overcrowded
Gotta open up the stores when they're closed when we shoppin'
For my girl, wear the clothes that ain't nobody rockin'
She so bad, I don't know what to do with her
I know just what to do in her
My homies hit me up, they said they're goin' out tonight
I said, "I'm with my girl tonight, I can't fuck with you niggas"
I'ma take care of her

(Aah!)
Rich Gang
Don't get scared now, pussy nigga
Ayy
Take care of her! (Her, I'ma take care of her)
If, if I don't do nothin' in the world, swear to God I'll take care of her (Yeah, I'ma take care of her)
Take care of lil' mama, take care of baby mama (Take care of baby mama)
Take care of her (Take care of lil' mama)
Take care of her (Take care of my mama), take care of her (I'ma take care of baby mama)
Take care of her (Take care of lil' mama, take care of my mama)
Ooh-aah!

Young Moo–, Young Moolah, baby
Rich Gang109Embed

