38 ContributorsRespect My Conglomerate Lyrics
Most people would consider this illegal

Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate, the way we run shit
See we're kind of like the government so just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate

It's Bust Rhymes and I'm back
With the crack and the thugs and the drugs, cus I'm BLACK! (OH!)
The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch
Blazing and I´m so amazing on the tracks bitch
(Bounce on 'em) And I jump and I skip
And I hop and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!)
Watch the way I'm coming and I´m givin' the streets acid
Bastards, niggas know I´m the king of the classics
Drastic measures, I´m spreadin' like a rash bitch
Class is in session you ´bout to get yo´ ass kicked
Emperor of every roundtable of the house
(And when I speak) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman
God rap, God persona, God scrilla
God body in the flesh call me Godzilla
Now you know you see we be the most prominent
Dominant, niggas respect my conglomerate
You might also like
Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate... the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government so just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate (Alright, Bust!)

Young Money in charge
Yes it's Little Wayne but the moneys enlarge
Priorities Young Money & God
Now they wanna know how I be getting money on Mars
Cause I be getting paid like outta this world
Hip-Hop is a bitch and I´m proud of this Girl
When the sharks come see how the fish curl
This is my Game you gon' need a referral
I know more about tree than squirrel
Me no talk much but the heat so verbal
Brand New Marc Jacobs pink coat thermal
Gun outside of the Gear external
I´m so fly ya´ll still at the terminal
I´ll put you in the dirt just because I see the worm in you
Dirty South bitch
Admire and acknowledge it and Respect My Conglomerate

Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate... the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government so just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate
Yeah uh yeah yo...
Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches
Dope fiends, nauseous crack spot losses
Race track horses, big meetings at the round table
To discuss what the cost is
Money change you, devils, angels
We the ones who say what you can and what you can´t do
Respect, power, kush, sour
Haze, airy, pills, powder
Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments
Don shit real niggas who I get it on with
When I´m around my colleagues ain't comfortable
They all gotta sit with my verses for a month or two
(Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with
The blade first then the bullet gon´ follow it
Yeah if you lucky I might hollow it
D-Block just respect my conglomerate

Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate... the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government so just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate just respect my conglomerate2Embed

