2 ContributorsLook Out Lyrics
Uhh!

Tired of chasing after objects in the rear view
Tired of praying when I don't know who I'm praying to
Tired of hoping like a penny with a hole in it
Tired of going when I got no one to go with it
Tired of reaching like a crab in a fucking nab
And motherfucker it was fuck it then, it's fuck it now
Economics got the motherfucking budget down
So what the fuck is what your motherfucking budget now
They wanna kill me but death is too good for me
Tired of taking when I'm taking what they took from me
Tired of looking at the man in the mirror, man
Cause that motherfucker gon make me wanna kill a man...
Ahhh!

Doctor doctor why won't you answer
Before it's too late
Teacher, preacher, don't trust your weakness
Someone lead the way
Tryna make it home, tryna make it home
Oh, tryna make it home, tryna make it home
You might also like
I know my greatest pain is in the future
I know I left a stain in a future
What do you wish for, what are you wishing for
It take too long for your wish to make it to the star
The well runs dry, the town runs by
The spirits walk with me, I hear silence cry
Pay the pastor, preachers profit from the prophesized
But ain't no proof in your prophecy

Doctor doctor why won't you answer
Before it's too late (Yeah!)
Teacher, preacher, don't trust your weakness
Someone lead the way (Yeah!)
Tryna make it home (Just tryna make it home)
Tryna make it home (Just tryna make it home)
Ohhh tryna make it home (Just tryna make it home)
Tryna make it home (Just tryna make it home)
Yeah!

And just the other day I met a man in a retreat
He was tryna get me to believe in world peace
So I was tryna get him just to keep it real brief
He said “Ok” then he pulled out a gun and killed me
I fell to my back looking up at leaves
The clouds, the buildings, the birds, the bees
I wonder if i'm going where we have learned to reach
I'm thinking we deserve the truth at least
Yeah Yeah!, Yeah, Yeah!, Yeah, Yeah!, Yeah, Yeah!
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Oh, tryna make it home (Yeah!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, ah, err, oh, ow!3Embed

