64 ContributorsAll About da Money (Remix) Lyrics
I step up in this bitch like Moses
Damn right, motherfucker, Red Sea got departed (oooh!)
This is that "All About The Money" remix?
Well, I'ma kill a motherfucker before it even get started
We got London on da... (Yeeaaah!)
The chrome to the bricks, nigga rag to the riches
Damn right, nigga did it with the soda
Nigga still livin' like a G, keep some niggas 'round me
That'll kill your ass like some Ebola
I count six shots!

Young! Serve 'em out the Range Rover (Range Ro')
I swear my Rollie stay shining like a rainbow (skee!)
I took that money machine, filled it with hella green (green)
You be shining like I sprayed you with some oil sheen
DC Young Fly, now what the fuck you mean? (fuck you mean?)
Young said he Seen It All, now what the fuck ya'll seen? (ay!)
Left the club in a Wraith, came in a helicopter
David Beckham, way I kick it like I'm playing hella soccer
I turn the valet to a helipad (helipad)
Nigga straight walk up in the bitch like I'm Nino
From the coat on my back, to the shoes on my feet (what, what)
Everything on me Valentino ('tino! ooh!)
I'm talkin' Boyz N Da Hood, went solo, nigga (solo, nigga)
Testarossa back then, ex-Polo nigga
Niggas still on my dick, what you a homo, nigga?
When you sayin' my name, it's free promo, nigga!
What! Look!
See T.I. LiveGet tickets as low as $112You might also like
If it ain't about the money
Don't be blowin' me up, nigga I ain't gettin' up
If it ain't about the... Look!
If it ain't about the money
Ain't no use in you ringin' my line, stop wastin' my time
Look, you bitch ass niggas
If it ain't about that check, nigga
If it ain't about the money
Nah I can't even hear what you say, I ain't finna do shit
Ain't finna do shit!
If it ain't about the money (Hustle Gang, nigga!)
Bitch, you can miss me with it, bitch nigga miss me with it
Bitch, you can miss me with it! Look, turn! Hey!
Turn up!

What you think I'm standin' in the trap for? (why?)
With the fully automatic at the back door
'Cause when it's on, know it's on, call me King Corleone (ooh!)
I'mma keep it 1000 like a crack ounce
Give a damn if I'm flat broke (nah!)
I'm filthy rich, I'm still the same, that's a fact though
Oh yeah, we all about the money, nigga
All you got is money when my name hold weight like a fat ho
I can never join in the game 'less I'm capo
Milkin' these niggas even though I'm fuckin' lactose
Take off on the cops, Mama said, "Don't look back, bro"
I'm in New York and I'm ballin' just like a Net, though
I'm drinkin' bubblegum pink like Pepto
Bismol, bet she wanna come through
And get low, I'ma be with Haitians
All my Zos, Tip tell these niggas, bro
Bankroll Mob, yeah, we on, we retarded
I'ma give you 15 from the carbine (turn it!)
Hit you in the leg, in your head, then your face
When you dead, bet ya I'ma take your place on the Forbes list
So better miss with that bullshit, partner
I'll be hopping out your bushes with a full clip, got 'em (got 'em!)
I'll take a big stick to a fuck nigga neck (nigga neck!)
Swinging at it, kind of like a piñata
I'm a beast with the choppa, I'm the same without it
Graduated from the lean, that's my alma mater
Um! Shoot 'em in his head, he say, "Look at my roof!"
No sticks, no seeds, only kush in my kush
Make a nigga commit suicide and call it a selfie
I get M's like mmm-mmmm-mmm
I'm an asshole, I'm full of myself
You get an asshole full of my foot
They find your ass in the woods when they look
And these hoes ain't as good as they look
I need to take my own advice though
Cause if the pussy good then I'm good
Where your ghetto pass, nigga? I been big since a little-ass nigga
You little-ass nigga, you don't get a pass, nigga
Started as a middle-class nigga
When I blew up, I ain't even hear the blast, nigga (woo!)
I was chillin', smokin' on the loud
Focused on the future, but I need my money now
Don't give me the runaround
Upstairs in my mansion, knock-knock, "Who's there?"
I ain't even comin' down if it ain't about the money

If it ain't about the money (Yeah!)
Don't be blowin' me up, nigga I ain't gettin' up (Tune!)
If it ain't about the money
Ain't no use in you ringin' my line, stop wastin' my time
If it ain't about the money (about the money)
Nah I can't even hear what you say, I ain't finna do shit
Ain't finna do shit, my nigga!
If it ain't about the money
Bitch, you can miss me with it, bitch nigga miss me with it
Turn up! (Remix, baby!)
I get money on a very rainy day (and!)
I would love to spray your face with Olay, aye
No computer cause she never wanted space, aye
I swear lil' mama is the weirdest in the place, ayy
I'm a big G, dinosaur B
You know, YSL takin' over streets
I'm a K-Ci, where is Jodeci?
I'ma treat em' bad like he supposed to be
I'm a blood, nigga, don't try to approach me
Girl, let's hit like Kobe and Ginobili
If them not Gucci earmuffs, you can't ignore me
Her booty piped up like a circus, baby, show me
I might just take off on that broad 'cause she don't know me
Dej Loaf, change that beef to macaroni
No scale, but my bitches say I'm bony
Lil mama still blushing at the old me (woo!)

Nigga, Thug in the Impala, whole Hustle Gang follow
Coming from a hundred thousand to another million dollars
You finna fuck around and get yo ass whooped, dawg (bow!)
We send ya bullets bout the size of a football
I got a youngin' with a shottie, charge a hundred for a body
I’ll pay that to watch a monkey fuck a football, ayo!
Units of the yayo, since I was a day old
Uncle taught me say, "Hasta luego" if it ain’t about the money!

Fatality41Embed

