44 ContributorsDey Know (Remix) Lyrics
Yeah, Shawty Lo and the big cats
Yeah (Hey)
It's the remix (Yeah)
So bring your top hat, ay!

What you talkin' 'bout? It's L-O
I rap now, this rap schizo
Thirty bands, fo shizzo
And eightballs same price as the kilo
I'm a boss, handle my B-I
And I got them same kind of guns like T.I.
See, I been that way since knee-high
Real dope boy, so you know I trap or diz-zie
No liz-ie, I'm hiz-igh
Like Kells, I believe I can fliz-zy
And yeah, I'll see you later
Big ups to all my haters!

Guard your woman dawg or I'll take her
You'll hear her scream from College Park to Decatur
I was a snotty nose (Uh-huh) with no paper
Now my crib sittin on twenty-two acres
Get it right fool (Hahaha), I gets money (Yep)
If you think Luda's not filthy, you's a dummy (Yep)
I was allergic to the roof on the cutty (What you do?)
So I took the top off like a Playboy Bunny (What up, Hef'?)
Catch me pimping in a robe and some slippers (Oh)
Riding down 85 while I'm stunting on my Gixxer (Nyeer)
Mouth full of Swishers (Oh) or riding with your sister (Oh)
And six David Beckhams or a trunk full of kickers (Hahahaha)
Take a picture of the mister—it'll last long (Oh)
And these haters get stretched out like a bad thong (Woo)
So partner mash on or get mashed up
Think you can fuck with Luda? Then put a million of your cash up—hi! (Hello)
You might also like
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
You better rep where you from if you get, get, get it

I'm in my cool whip, insides Jello (Jello)
Hop up out that pretty motherfucker like "Hello"
(Hello) Hello, ladies, how you doing?
"That nigga crazy, girl, don't say nothin' to him" (Haha!)
They know, they know, got white, low low
Rob who? Take what? (gun cocks) Hello
They know, I give a fuck about them haters (They know)
Young Jizzle (Jizzle) been getting paper (Yeah)
Granite wheels on the coupe Life Savers
Hit the club with twenty broads like Flavor
I'm on the top floor (Floor), no neighbors
Who you kidding? I get my eighty-seven tailored

Went from two ounces to a Maserati
First rap check, bought choppers for everybody (Everybody)
Before they know what's under my shirt, the Glock 40 (The Glock 40)
Get 25 a show, next month I want forty
Born a real nigga (Real nigga), but I'ma die a goon (Goon)
Just bought a new chopper (Chopper), gon' use it real soon
Got the streets on lock, homie, I can't lose (Can't lose)
Put me anywhere, I'm the realest nigga in the room (Believe me)
Take a look at me, I'm what you call street approved (Approved)
Got a lot haters (Lots), but even more jewels (More jewels)
I play dumb, homie, but never been a fool
Cut my dog off, I heard he snitching, too
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
You better rep where you from if you get, get, get it
,
Hah! Now what I look like
And if it ain't money, then I don't look right
Haha, And that don't sound right
I swear you could get a full clip, not a sound bite
Haaa! Soo-Woo gang
And if you ain't with it then you in the food chain,
I'm in that wide body, I'ma need two lanes
Blue seats, white paint, wetter than new rain
Like a white person with blue veins
I keep a black Glock, red dot, blue flame
Feet hanging out the window, jock my shoe game
'Cause all my kicks fly, like Liu Kang
Haha! Old player, new game
I'm focused, I'm thinking like I got two brains
I'm in my prime, I feel like a new Wayne
How come there is two women, but ain't no two Waynes?
I don't know what you do but I do thangs
It's Mr. Every Time You See Me Got A New Chain
My flow crazy, I ain't too sane
But I am the...just poop stains
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
L-O, L-O, dey know, dey know
You better rep where you from if you get, get, get it8Embed

