15 ContributorsMike Tyson Flow Lyrics
I'm the best ever
I'm the most brutal and most vicious, and most ruthless champion there's ever been
No one can stop me, I'm the best eva!

Uhhn! like mutha'fuck all yawl
Mr. Mike Tyson flow, uppercut all yawl
Step into my ring bitches, ding ding bitches
Click clack pow pow ping ping bitches
I'm the Dream machine I mean King vision
I can see through yo scene like clear screen
Hear me? To a lion you are just deer meat
Fear God, fear me siry us us
Pe pi them try them and die when I say so
Weezy F hardful red go like Craig go
It's all gravy, tryna build like Lego's
Betta \"Let Go My Ego!\" with some breakfast on the table
Yeah! And I don't know how fake feel nigga, cuz all my life, I been a real nigga
Fuck ya girlfriend, fuck ya homie too
I drop bombs I'm in the booth, in a army suit
And I'm armed to shoot, and I'mma marksmen too
And you're the target \"oops!\"
And everything get better with time, and time is forever
And mutha'fucka its my time and I'm better
You might also like

Ho I go so hard
I'm so gone my I.D is a post card
I travel like b-ball with no calls
I play my role and listen out for the roll call
This is a movie and every movie must go off
But this gangsta doesn't die like O-Dogg
Say what up blood, what the lick read!?
5 star general, in the 6 speed
Still hood like thick cheese, bitch please
Him squeeze quicker than the wind breeze
Niggas betta trim trees
Simply shoot yours empty if b turn dat thick cheese to swiss cheese
Folla me! A part of me!
Fuck around and see a whole notha side of me
I separate yo body with them hollow tips; biologist
Photographies, picture me in yo bedroom with a mask on
Pistol to yo head while you puttin' yo pants on
Peyton Manning offense, Singletary defense
Super-duper-extra-much-really-very-street shit
That is how I keeps it, R.I.P Beepsy
I do it how I do it cuz I know my niggas see me
And I'mma hold it down bitch, hope that crown fit
The boy got a flow, that you can drown in
When you in the water watch them sharks, when you in the water watch dat salt
Young Carter no floss that was so raw ohw!

My style is impetuous
And I'm just ferocious, I want to eat his heart..
..I wanna eat his children
Praise be to Allah!

HAHAUHWH!
Fuckin' right I'mma monster
Sharper than a blade like Sticky Fingaz or Sonia
Mortal Kombat Street Fightin' like E-Honda
Murk ya and da dummies dat signed ya, whats really
Are ya plastic? Gasoline on ya contract
Fuck a pen I need a match, Fuck a bitch I need a batch of bitches
Yawl niggas act like a bunch of bitches, blood bitches leave ya in a tub
Blood bitches, young niggas, Young Money, young niggas, fuck pistols
We at yo window with SCUD missles, Young Carter!
Big nuts, and they hung further than ya father's
Hahahaha

You guys can't define me
I define my work as a father
I'm many things--
You know, I'm many things..
Ima, Ima.. Ima hellraiser, Ima father--a lovin' father
Yeah, yeah I'm pretty much Tyson1Embed

