176 ContributorsHYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right) Lyrics
Gotta do what I gotta do
Yeah
Uh

All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told 'em don't even plate it
And we never talked too much after I blew up
Just only "hello" or a "happy belated"
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love her
Then right after, texted and told her I'm faded
She asked what have I learned since getting richer?
I learned workin' with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fuckin' with ya, damn
Is it the fall? Time for me to revisit the past
There's women to call, there's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all, damn
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions like
See Drake LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fuck your girl, is it true?
You gettin' money?
You think them niggas you with is with you?

And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright

Uh, so much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath 'til my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch, if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive and she was sober
I gave her a pill, she started confessin'
And started undressin' and asked me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me asking for closure, damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me, I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me and she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same and I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation
But interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom, confusing me with questions like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fuck your girl, is it true?
You gettin' money?
You think them niggas you with is with you?

And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, damn right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright
And we say hell yeah, yeah, yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right, damn right, alright, aw, yeah

Yeah
Yeah
Aw, yeah, aw, yeah
Aw, yeah, aw, yeah178Embed

