6 ContributorsLife of Mr. Carter (Demo) Lyrics
Uh, what's harder, life or Mr. Carter?
Balling 'til my hair is as white as Johnny Carson
You don't have to beg because I'm fresh out of pardons
Little voices in my head said, "Don't mind the little voices," woah

What's sharper, spikes or Mr. Carter?
I ride for this shit like a knight in shining armor
I pile up the swishers, roll 'em tight like UnderArmour
Coming from this neighborhood, it's just like coming from comas
I got...

What's harder, life or Mr. Carter?
Balling 'til my hair is as white as Johnny Carson
You don't have to beg because I'm fresh out of pardons
Little voices in my head said, "Don't mind the little voices," woah

What's sharper, spikes or Mr. Carter?
I ride for this shit like a knight in shining armor
I pile up the swishers, roll 'em tight like UnderArmour
Coming from this neighborhood, it's just like coming from comas
I got homies from the old school and we been lost our diplomas
Got some hoes from California and they shit smell like begonia's
Got a bone to pick, I'm boneless, that's a bonus
Tim Duncan, Tony Parker, pop up at the spur of the moment, how you want it?
When in Hell, I'm a Roman; head on fire, I'm a comet
Heat up out my abdomen, and you know it
Man I'm all about my business, business handle business for me
I know you know life's a bitch, I turned her to a business woman, mind your business
I'm like, "What's harder, life or Mr. Carter?
What's higher, the price or Mr. Carter?
Should I call you Mystery? Because I'm right here to solve you
If you start to smell fear or fright, I sprayed it on you"
I made it, I made it with you, you hate it, I made it, on you
You know the streets talk, my nigga, I made 'em argue
Niggas faded away, I light one and get faded for you
I'm reclinin', Weezy Baby, La-Z-Boy, do they enjoy you?
You might also like
I'm like, "What's harder, life or Mr. Carter? Yeah, uh
What's shorter, life or Mr. Carter? Haha"
I ask, "What's harder, jail or Mr. Carter?
School or Mr. Carter? Rules or Mr. Carter?
Man, what's harder, drugs or Mr. Carter?
Judge or Mr. Carter? Mr. Carter, huh?"

What's harder, love or Mr. Carter?
Especially when these hoes ain't right, these hoes ain't loyal
Shit, what's wrong or right? And what's the order?
I know this AK will get shit right and fix the toilet
I'll be a-okay as long as my wife could cook a quarter
The type of shit I won't take for granted, need the marble
See, you can't believe in all of the hype you hear at the barber
If the odds are stacked against us, they're likely to stack 'em on us
Lil Tune, aka no cartoon, no Hanna-Barbera
I ain't steal it, I took it, I ain't crooked, I'm cater-cornered
And if my fruits of labor were ripe, I would have an orchard
But I'm nauseous from my ups-and-downs and back-and-forwards
Shit, Mr. Carter, eyes are always on you
Throw a five in the air for C5 like, "Hi, how are you?"
Shit, what's harder, drugs or Mr. Carter?
The world is on my shoulder, I shrug to get it off from 'em, shit
What's harder, life or Mr. Carter?
Tune in this bitch, let's spike the Holy Water
Tryna stay grounded, my flights said no departures
Shit, what's harder, murder or abortion? Woah
What's harder, death or Mr. Carter?
Is it easier to play deaf or to listen harder?
I'm like, "Girl, what's harder than life for Mr. Carter?
Shit get hard, but I'm a termite to turmoil"
What's easier, to change diapers or back to normal?
Times are changing like Father Time just lost his father
What's harder, to ask for sorrow or to borrow?
Or to propose and get "I don't know"? I don't know
What's harder than being Mrs. Carter?
What's harder than being Mrs. Carter?
What's harder than being Mrs. Carter?
What's harder than being Mr. Carter?
Uh, what's harder than being Mr. Carter?
What's harder than being Mr. Carter?
What's harder than being Mr. Carter?
What's harder than being Mr. Carter?
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm1Embed

