20 ContributorsI’m Raw Lyrics
Mic check, one, two, on the way to third
Flow sick, put a straitjacket on my words
So sick, they think that something's in the herb
They think I'm gone, but I'm fine, like a woman’s curves
My personality is far from your reality
I'm closer to your girl, now come on, ho, don't embarrass me
There is no comparison, this right here be kerosene
Carousel, parasail, I'm higher than everything
What I spit? You can't drink it, like you're 17
I can show a million pair of eyes what they’ve never seen
And I can do this in whatever the weather brings
Picasso couldn’t paint a better scene
Colossal, now give me the mic and I rock like a fuckin fossil
I'm mad at the track and I beat it like Hector Camacho
What's poppin? What it do? What's happenin'? What's crackin'?
Que pasa? The hospital, mi casa su casa
Bad, I'm rad
And these niggas just squares like plaid
And if they’re cool, then I'm cold
I gets money all day like the toll, bitch

I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw
I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I'm 'bout to murder this shit
I'm 'bout to murder this shit
You might also like
I'm a BET soldier, an MTV gangsta
I will be on VH1 when I'm done being famous
Explain shit, I have made my way
And you are just a stain, bitch, you will fade away
And I only leave my house to paper-chase
Yep, off to the jungle, where I feel safe
Like a home run in the bottom of the 9th inning
And I'm fresh like I'm by Mennen
I'm on the clock like 5 minutes
Tryin' to get passed the line of scrimmage
Yeah, and before I leave her thighs bendin'
She give me face first, like she done dived in it, haha
And if she tall, I can climb in it
I usually don't have a time limit
And eatin pussy ain't a crime, is it? If so
I should start working on my jail visits, you know
I'm in the game, they just sell tickets
Man, I got old bread, like stale biscuits
You feeling froggy, all you gotta do is yell 'Ribbit'
Turn ya ass to a statue, like an exhibit
Now let's get it!
Let me at 'em, leave my cage open
With no pyro, I leave the stage smokin'
Yes, it's Weezy F, bitch
The best thing since breath, bitch! Suffocate!
I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw
I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw, I'm raw
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I'm 'bout to murder this shit
I'm 'bout to murder this shit, yessir!

It go; Uptown, Uptown, Operation Shutdown
Wake up to polices, go to sleep to the gun sounds
And you're not a gorilla, you're a dead monkey
'Cause I got a banana clip in these Red Monkeys
What you said? Don't be afraid to say it twice
And they say life is cheap until you pay the price
It's just like shaking dice, better hope you roll a winner
And if you are a rat, you're just a cobra's dinner
Y'all ain't fuckin with me, you niggas under a G
Like the light part of my feet
And so what them niggas left me?
When it get cold, I turns into Wayne Gretzky
I do's it like it never been done
So you can suck my dick with a elephant's tongue
Bitch, it's Weezy Baby
Motherfucker, I spit rabies
I'm raw, I'm raw
I'm raw, I'm raw
I'm raw, I'm raw
I'm raw, I'm raw
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I got my brim low, all I can see is the flo'
I'm 'bout to murder this shit
I'm 'bout to murder this shit

I murdered that shit
I murdered that shit
Rest In Peace to this song
See you at the crossroads
That's all I have to say, goodbye
'Til yesterday14Embed

