8 ContributorsI’m a Monster LyricsYea
Can't be... 
C3 ahah... Be ready, well I know you can't be... so be afraid... be very afraid
Yea 

I've done warned you boyz bout the monster boy
I'm the monster boyz
Feed me rappers or feed me beats and now I'm gonna eat... and now I'm gonna eat
I'm gonna eat you alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive
I'm gonna eat you alive,.. alive, alive
And now I'm gonna eat... I'm gonna eat you alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive
I'm gonna eat you alive
And now I'm a gonna eat and now I'm a gonna eat

Welcome to the Carter, little shop of horror
Bloody like a period after D R
Doctor I'm a Dog I'm a Dog I'm a Dog ya
Not Georgetown but I'm a Uptown Hoya
Brothers like Warner, Someone should have warned ya
R E L A X like fuckin California
Or get cornerd then get tortured
Then get slaughtered... in that order

I've done warned you boyz of the monster boy
I'm the monster boyz
Feed me rappers or feed me beats and now I'm gonna eat... and now I'm gonna eat
I'm gonna eat you alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive
I'm gonna eat you alive
And now I'm gonna eat and now I'm gonna eat...
I'm gonna eat you alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive
I'm gonna eat you alive
Eat you alive... alive
You might also like
Massacre Music, lose it Loses
Loosen the noose around my neck and turn em blue bitch
Rather go stupid in hollygrove zoo shit
Keep a set of good plies for every pair of loose lips
I lose it I was too sick, I said I'm too two sick
Four sick, five sick, six sense dead people
Just went ahead people, instant
Instinct
I don't care wat color ya is I'll burn ya turn ya skin pink
And if you can't stand me then knock me down
But I don't wanna hear that shit like foxy brown
It's Weezy F people, and I don't talk shit like deaf people
New orleans reFuGee like Wyclef people
My street eagle, and nigga watch your ego
Cause if you think you too fly, den I shoot down that ego
And then the monster see you
And the monster need food
And that monster's me too
So the monster eat you

I've done warned you boy of the monster boy
He's a monster
Feed him rappers or feed him beats and now he's gonna eat... and now he's gonna eat2Embed

