15 ContributorsSacrifice Lyrics
Awoo
Don't be scared now (Ah)
Awooooo
Yeah (Okay)
We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice (Haha, haha)
We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice
Don't be scared now!

I have you sweating so hard, you need three or four towels (Towels)
After that, all I need is three or four showers
Just to get the blood off; then three or four hours
Then come through your hood and get three or four cowards (Blat)
You think you're bison, like you play for Howard
But you's a duck like Howard, I make you fall like the towers
I cut your arm off and tell you to reach (Nigga)
Then I cut your tongue off, and I tell you to speak, ha
My niggas in the circle, in the middle of the bonfire
They quick to become arsonists and set you on fire
The flesh start to smell (Smell), but who gives a fuck? (Fuck)
Heaven or Hell, nigga, you need to pick one
Brr-r-r! Stick 'em! Now, you become a victim
Yeah, you become a victim (Yeah, you become a victim)
Ha! I'm evil like three sixes, nigga, minus the "Mafia"
And ain't no brakes on my shit, nigga, ain't no stopping the—
Young cannibal, cut you like a cantaloupe
I mistreat bodies—for breakfast, I eat bodies, ugh!
Mm, chu'ch!
You might also like
You could smell fear in the distance
Pray over their lives
Come in this hood, better witness this
Sacri–
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
F'i-ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
Ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
Yeahhhh!

Haha! It's Weezy F. Crazy
You scary-ass rappers—on the beat, I'm Wes Craven
But I'm Eastside 'til I reside in the grave
And you walk in my basement, see the bodies I'm saving
Bloodbath flow—yes, it's time for some bathing
Shotty with a drum, and I'ma play it like a cadence
Invasion, I cook you like the Asians
Put bread on your head like a raisin
You a danish, you need glazing
Pardon me, man, but I'm craving
I got you in the oven, but I'm waiting
I'm patient, for my patient
Yeah, there's a meeting in my kitchen
Shhh! there's rappers sleeping in my kitchen
Young Money creatures
Kill your sweet ass, then eat you, muh'fucker!
You could smell fear in the distance
Pray over their lives
Come in this hood, better witness this
Sacri–
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
F'i-ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
Ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)

We take your body for a motherfucking sacrifice
See you in Hell, bitch, meet me in the afterlife
Minivan, duct tape, knife in my hand, nigga
Knife to ya head, you my sacrificial lamb, nigga
I can smell blood like a hound, I see dead people
Paint the scene, I'ma leave a bunch of red people
Saddam, I bomb, I'm insane, Hussein
Assault rifle with the drum, nigga, with the blue flame
Blood on my glove while I'm burying the witness
Cut your limbs off, I'm on my Jeffrey Dahmer-sick shit
For real, I'm ill, we marching like the military
Coffins everywhere, this the rap cemetery
You niggas sweet, get ate like Ben & Jerry's
You niggas very fairy—
Tale, frail; better go and say your "Hail Mary"
Rocket launcher, bitch, I'ma throw a Hail Mary
Young Gudda, biatch!
You could smell fear in the distance
Pray over their lives
Come in this hood, better witness this
Sacri–
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
'Fice (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
F'i-ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)
Ah, ah (We gon' take his body to the projects for a sacrifice)1Embed

