1 ContributorCannon (Extended) Lyrics

Yeah
AMG's the gang!
Dedication 2
Drama
Pay attention! (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)

Howdy-do, motherfuckers, it's Weezy Baby
Niggas bitching and I gotta tote the (My nigga Don Cannon!)
Haha! Listen close, I got duct tape and rope (Oh!)
I leave you missing like the fucking O'bannons
One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming
Don't let that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggas know I'm sick: I don't spit, I vomit—got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says: "Shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him, 'Catch up,' like mayonnaise"; um—
I'm the sickеst nigga doing it—bet that, baby
These othеr niggas dope; I'm wet crack, baby, yes!
Get back, get back, boy, this a setback
Clumsy-ass niggas slip and fall into a death trap
Rest assured, I rest in a azure
Me and my chauffer got a (Cannon!)
Sometimes I gotta let my girl hold the (Cannon!)
I think I'm bout to put some pearl on the (Cannon!)
Yeah! And guess what boy?
You know a nigga just got papers on the (Cannon!)
And I just got off paper for the (Cannon!)
Now I can go and get some paper with this (Cannon!)
What you on?
Them boys pussy, born without a backbone
And if you strapped, we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet him up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon, and get my howl on
Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush
And when it come to that paper, I stack books ha
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head
Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga Fee
See, every motherfucker at the door don't get a key
You're outside looking in, so tell me what you see
It's about money, it's bigger than me
I told my homies, "Don't kill him, bring the nigga to me" (Gangsta!)
Yeah, don't miss, you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again
You might also like
Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Yeah, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)
Yeah, straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Nigga, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)Embed

