1 ContributorLet It Fly (Remix) Lyrics
(Fly) Let it fly
Let it fly like the birds in the sky
Hotter than the weather in July
I done did so much I can't decide
Word, word to my guys
She just get so wet, I slip and slide
Had to get it back to give 'em five
I, I, I...

I am back again. I’ll let it slide again
Cause I’m not a snitch. I can’t decide, which? Instead of recording live on YouTube I’ll go live on twitch. Or ima hang with the gang. shoot these bad people going bang, bang, bang. {Ha ha!}. I let it fly. I’m in the sky. I’m not gonna cry. I’m not gonna die. Where am I. I’m in AstroWorld. {Yeah!}. I think the just twirled. Oh I forgot it’s doing that actually right now. I just made it to earth and I already got a hundred thou. {Wow}. I’m alive. We’re not gonna die. Do not cry. Because I let the plane fly. I’m going crazy I’m going high. I mean like birds in the sky. I’m in the universe. I made history I should be in a google search
{Dylan did it again}

Let it fly
Let it fly like the birds in the sky
Hotter than the weather in July
I done did so much I can't decide
Word, word to my guys
She just get so wet, I slip and slide
Had to get it back to give 'em five
I, I

It's alive, it's alive, I'm revived
It's C5, been arrived, kiss the sky, did the time
Please advise, it is advised to be advised, and we advise
You not - with me and mine, and keep in mind that we don't mind
Losin' our minds, free your mind, read your mind, read your mind
Body take a week to find, the cops gon' be like, "Never mind"
What's on your mind? Put the pistol to your mind and blow your mind
Control your mind, mind freak, no sober mind, I'm so behind
But front line, you crossed the line, and you better know your lines
And if you gettin' out of line, I hang you with a clothin' line
Wring you like an open line, keep your stanky - in line
Them - be lyin', it's a thin line, and I know you know the line
Second line, second line, Tunechi got effective lines
Rough edges like a box of Checkers fries, that's a line
Catch the line, American flag, less stars, extra lines
Stretch the line, skip the line, 'til you no more next in line
Yeah, Tunechi-Tune a lunatic, my goonie-goons the gooniest
Run inside your room and kill you and who you roomin' with
The Uzi with the - clip, more than one, I'm too equipped
Talkin' 'bout some fake - , based on true events
Tryin' not to get pinched, smokin' on a stupid stench
Lookin' in the mirror tryin' to figure where my pupils went
Flashy with a boujee -, Travy, that's my hooligan (It's lit)
Take the T off Tunechi and look at it as the crucifix
You might also like
C5, best rapper alive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Let it flyEmbed

