28 ContributorsWhy Stop Now (Remix) Lyrics
Turn my fuckin' beat up
Turn my fuckin' beat up (Turn my mic up too)
Turn my fuckin' beat up (Remix!)
(SAK PASE)

Uh, yeah (Yeah), we can do anything
Walk into anywhere and buy anything (Remix!)
I'll be chillin', I ain't worried 'bout anything (Remix!)
Why stop now? I can have everything (Part 2!)
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
(Ayo, let me roll one with my sleeves up real quick)
Why stop now? I can have everything (Let's go)

Find the nearest exit
Everybody better find the nearest exit
See the way I kill every nigga in this bitch
Somebody please tell me where the forensics
Everybody know that God real
Lookin' like you work in a garage sale
While you hatin' on one of the greatest
I be in the crib diggin' in your mom's tail
Big old bitch, Avatar
I got her sittin' on the dick like a handlebar
Shawty love the way I beat it up
Beat the pretty pussy with a battle scar
Let a nigga eat it up like it caviar
Got her buggin', now she wanna carry on
YMCMB, gods of this rap shit, that we are
But your girl look like a little amateur
Wednesday night at the Apollo
But it's okay 'cause she got a long neck
And I got a dick size only a giraffe could swallow
Sent her back 'cause they gonna ask tomorrow
"Why baby girl, did you have to gargle?"
And if I could have everything, do me a favor
Send me a hunnid more bottles, hahaha
You might also like
Yeah (Yeah), we can do anything
Walk into anywhere and buy anything
I'll be chillin', I ain't worried 'bout anything
Why stop now? I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
(Ayo, let me reintroduce y'all to my beautiful twin)
Why stop now? I can have everything
(Oh my God, Missy! Woo)

It go three, four, five, six
On this mic, I hot spit (Ayy)
This my task, toc-tic
I'm that chick they not fuckin' with (Ayy)
Hit ‘em with hits in the head I spit (Ayy)
This shit is so ridiculous, sick (Ayy)
Missy like no other chick
Now watch how I kill this remix (Woo, go)
I slay these crows
Got more lines than cornrows
You ain't on Missy level
Better get up on your tippy toes
Really though, really no
I'ma blow it up like a torpedo
Who am I? You don't know
You can call me the original (Woo)
I'm the E-double-L-I-O-T-T
Don't ever try me on the mic, I'ma beast (Rah!)
Eat an emcee like I'm finna have a feast
You better sit down, have a seat (Ah!)
I can do anything, M-Missy finna change the game
Y'all better stay up in your lane
Now I'ma just make y'all clap your hands
Yeah (Yeah), we can do anything
Walk into anywhere and buy anything
I'll be chillin', I ain't worried 'bout anything
Why stop now? I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
(It's been officially declared that the martian is back in the buildin')
Why stop now? I can have everything
(Haha, Tunechi!)

Man, fuck these niggas
Man, fuck these hoes
T just rolled a big long blunt
I'ma smoke that bitch 'til it's Muggsy Bogues
I ain't got time for that bitch shit
Glock automatic, no stick shift
My girl pussy bigger than pig lips
My blunts last longer than friendships
Man, I was on my skateboard
It ain't trickin' if you got it, I'll pay for it
Hold up, wait for it, catch up, like fake blood
My own funeral, I'm late for it
Shout out to my young nigga Ace Hood
I'm fresh out the can, I'm canned goods
Two handguns, my hands full
I'm young, ill and so mean, I'm one pill from OD'ing
I'm high, ho, my eyes low like Korean's, Orion
I pulled up in that Mulsanne
I'm thuggin', bumpin' Golf Wang
Bitch, I'm higher than Eddie Kane
Tunechi, I can have everything
Haha
Yeah (Yeah), we can do anything
Walk into anywhere and buy anything (YMCMB)
I'll be chillin', I ain't worried 'bout anything (Ah)
Why stop now? I can have everything (Young Moolah, baby)
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Yeah (Yeah), I can have everything
Why stop now? I can have everything

Alright
Now that y'all niggas come to the fact that
Anything niggas do over here is uncompetewitable
Fuck with me
Let's go!2Embed

