4 ContributorsHello Brooklyn 2.0 (A Cappella) Lyrics
Hello, Brooklyn (Uh-huh), how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too? (Uh-huh)
And If I can (Woo!), I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Cars), and drive me crazy (So crazy)
Wherever you going (Where you going?), baby girl, just take me (Uh-huh)
'Cause I'm so taken, if you taken (I'm so taken)
I'm just saying (Woo!), baby, I'm just saying

Like a mama, you birth me; Brooklyn, you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me by the time I was 21
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hеllo, Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'ma call hеr? Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend you
'Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much, I bought extra
So much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
I only roll Lexus to hug your road
I love your corners, I'm half your soul

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing?
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying
You might also like
Hello, Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run, but she ain't Nore'
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby, I'ma have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G., and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z, she say, "It's the Roc!"
And I'ma leave it like this—like this, like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something, you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so, I said, "Goodbye, Katrina"

And "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby, you are
The sweetest sight eyes could see
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby
I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-buh-baby, you are (Woo!)
So damn fine to me
And I remember the time (Time), place (Place)
And the weather (And, woo!)
On the day you said, "Hi," to me
And I say, "Hello, Brooklyn!"
Brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
All demented; black hoodies and Timberland-ed
Always scheming—"You see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(Hello, Brooklyn) You bad influence, look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you (Haha), look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby, I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy, though I'll lie flat in your bush
'Til we smoke a C.I., "What up" to the boy, B.I.?
You know I handle B-I, I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan 'so?
She like it hardcore, so I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho, we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years, baby, I'ma bring you some Nets (Woo!)

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Errr!), and drive me crazy (Errr!)
Wherever you goin' baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying (Yeah)
And hello, Brooklyn, buh-buh-baby, you are
The sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello, Brooklyn
Baby, I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn," buh-baby you are
So damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather
On the day she said hi to me
And I said, "Hello, Brooklyn"Embed

