3 ContributorsNo quitter Go Getta Lyrics
Michael Phelps, this for you, baby!

I'm goin' for the gold, my heart is in control
My mind is on succeed and I am in the lead
Don't buy into the schemes, the science or strategy
Just giant N-U-Ts brings triumph and belief
I'm a lion or a dean, inspired by the green
Never tired or fatigued, never defiant to my team
Never lying on the thing until I'm lying on the thing
Hooked to wires and things; I'ma die as a king
If I don't do it now, I'ma try it again
And when I do accomplish it, I'ma try it again
I'm a riot, insane; I'm a lion, my mane
Hangs down to my strings and they're tied to the game
I stay dry when it rain, I'm tired of the fame
Got everything to gain and I'm proud of the pain
The pride and the plain, the wise and the strange
Denied by the sane; besides, we're the same
Who's guiding the train? Who's flyin' the plane?
Who's driving the lane? Who dies when it bang?
Who fires when it bang? Who lies in the aim?
Two lives in the drain; who cries when they sang?
You hide but you can't; you high but you ain't
I advise you to think; you'll find what you can't
Revive what you taint, survive what you paint
Super-size what you shrank: the fries and the drank
Admired as a saint, defined by my rank
Combined with my strength, my time and my length
I'ma iron out the kinks; yes, I'm on the brink
And in the eye of my wink, I'ma retire in the bank
You might also like
Yeah, and I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
And I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, I'm gon get it
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, yeah
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta

Victory consistantly
Train all year to be the enemy's misery
No stress visibly, neither does it enter me
I think positively; you can't harm me mentally
Not physically, not spiritually; you'll never get rid of me
I am the epitome of "this is what you did to me"
Nothin's what you did for me, nothin's what you give to me
I take whatever I'm visualizing, now break all of the limiting
Now shake all of the gimicking, the fakery, the trickery
"Nurse, how sick is he?" "Worse, I am sickening!"
I'll be at the finish line first, "how quick is he?"
I'ma make sure they mention me for the next century
I ain't with the bickering, I am full of dignity
I am full of energy, pull out the inner me
Or bull after dinner meat, I stood in the winter heat
It could be the end of me, but good be defending me
Yeah, and I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
And I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, I'm gon get it
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, yeah
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta

I'm allergic to cheatin'
I hate failure and I'm in love with achievement
Above and beneath it, a hug when I greet it
My eyes on the prize and I love when I seek it
Done with the speakin', begun with the preachin'
Now pray, until I am one with the deacon
Now play, until I have won whatever we win
I play, until I have won, and then I re-win

Yeah, and I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
And I'm no quitter
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go getta
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, I'm gon get it
Yeah, I'm gon' get it, yeah
'Cause I'm a go, I'm a go, I'm a go gettaEmbed

