32 ContributorsDogs Out Lyrics
Yo Swizz, this what we doing?
Weezy, what up? (Ooh-wee, rrrrr)
Why must you insist on being so motherfuckin' much (Woo!)
Of a motherfuckin' (Woo!) pussy to a dog, bitch?
Hm-hm (Nah dog)
Come on!

Who let the dogs out? Who let the dogs out?
I stretch your jaw out, who next to call out?
Who left the call out? (Uh) You catch the fall out (Yeah)
You take the ball out, I get to ball out (Come on!)
None of my dawgs could say I left my dawgs out (Uh huh)
I never dog out my fellow bloodhound (Wow)
I left it all out, y'all letting it all out (Yeah)
Go extra hard out, y'all ask your dog 'bout me (Woo)
Lil Tunechi baddest dog up in the dog house (Uh)
Keep a bad bitch walk around with my bone out (Uh)
She swallow puppies, you know we got PETA on the phone now (Okay)
I make her pussy rain cats and dogs, ooh, it's pourin' down (Damn)
Gave my dog a pound 'causе he hit me with a couple pounds (Rrr)
Tеll your big dog I'll break him down to puppy chow (Oh!)
Bow, I left your skull out
I DM'd DMX and said they never X'd the dog out
You might also like
(Here we go, woof) Let the dogs out
(Here we go, woof) Let the dogs out
(Goddamn, woof, let it go) Let the dogs out
(Oh, woof, talk to me) Let the dogs out
(Talk to me, woof) Let the dogs out
(Talk to me, woof) Let the dogs out

Who let the dog out? They let the dog out (Uh)
Straight out the dog house, now get the fuck out!
What y'all niggas know about making a movie? Show 'em out
Careful, what you're saying will get you punched in your mouth (C'mon)
When it's time to roll out, my niggas is goin' out (Uh, uh)
Coming with that hardware that y'all niggas don't know about
Let off and blow 'em out, that's how we show 'em out (Uh, uh)
Put a couple of bodies on them things then we throw 'em out (What?)
Serious niggas spittin' serious shit (Uh)
When I hear y'all niggas spit, all I hear is a bitch
When it's time to get active (Uh), my niggas get into it
I ain't saying you a sucker, I'm just sayin' don't do it (Please!)

(Woof) Let the dogs out
(Here we go, woof) Let the dogs out
(Goddamn, woof, let it go) Let the dogs out
(Oh, woof, talk to me) Let the dogs out
(Talk to me, woof) Let the dogs out
(Bounce with me, woof) Let the dogs out
(Goddamn, woof) Let the dogs out
(Oh, woof, let it go) Let the dogs out
Huh, huh (Come on), huh, huh
Huh, huh, rrr
Woof (Ayy), woof (Ayy)
Woof (Ayy), woof (What)
Huh, huh, huh, huh
Huh, huh, huh, huh (What)
Huh, huh, huh, huh
Huh, huh, huh, that just happened3Embed

