8 ContributorsNo Love (Remix) Lyrics
Yeah (Yeah, yeah)
I-I-I'm in a different space in my life, you know
It's a real good space too
Ayo Eminem, I like this song, man (No love)
By the time y'all hear this, Weezy probably be home
Welcome home, Weezy
Reek Da Villain, what up? (Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more)
Ayo
Let me tell y'all niggas about one of the little tough guy dreams
I just had the other night
Look (No love)

First I, stop it, then I drop it, then I cock another heater
Pop another leader, from another cliquе that thought he was a creature
That could nеver never (Ever) ever ever (Ever)
Ever get his shit popped off (GET HIS BLOCK KNOCKED OFF!!!)
When a nigga come and when a nigga front
Gotta give it to 'em good, give a nigga what he want (Huh!)
And if a nigga act up, shoot 'em in the hand
In the face, in the stomach, in the foot, or the heart (Love)
You don't want it, homie, you don't wanna start
Especially when a motherfucker see the gun fire spark
(You don't want no problems)
When I got the gun up in your mouth, I make a nigga gun talk
Bus Rhymes Reek (Black!)
I'mma hit 'em in the front, homie hit 'em in the back (Huh)
Keep on hittin' that nigga in the chest cavity
Till that motherfucker lay down flat (Freeze motherfucker, look!)
Trust me, I'mma make a nigga sit still (Still)
Anytime I gotta defend the food, nigga
It don't matter what it is, homie, I will (Will)
Beat a nigga till your brother can't figure it out
Or i-dentify the motherfucker on the real (Real)
Word on everything a nigga really love
It don't matter who it is, homie, I kill
But now I'm finally waking up outta the dream
And I realize that life is so beautiful
And I ain't gotta put my hand on a nigga
Unless it's definitely necessary, otherwise, it's unsuitable (Ha)
Going through a lot of different little things
That make a nigga wanna go and wanna get in when I bring
A couple goons, that can handle couple situations
And I let 'em eliminate all the bullshit so I can (Sing!)
Run though every city, run though every state
Though we get a lot of love, I love to get a lot of hate
Though the ones who will try to hate will start to love
'Cause it's undeniable that everything I do is great
Even when I do it wrong, I'mma share it in a song
And I question, is it worth it in the end all along?
I guess I gotta die first return reincarnated
Just to really witness it in another form
But until that time, I'll embellish it and shine
While I set in wit' the grind, give me credit when it's mine
Boy, I dead it like a nine millimeter, see the sign and the heater
That I'm givin all my people get in line now
Yeah, for the ones that hate
Or try to stop my growth in the light from above
When I fight I hold a grudge, it's a Kanye shrug
See the way I make 'em bug, motherfucker, don't no (Love)
You might also like
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (*Yeah*)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't Hurt me
*That's right*, it don't Hurt me
And I don't need you No more
Don't wanna see you No more
*Ha, bitch*, you get no Love
You showed me nothing but hate (*Haha!*)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (*Yeah*)
And I don't need you Don't hurt me
That's right, you don't Hurt me
And I don't need you No more
Don't wanna see you
*Ha, bitch*, you get No love
No! No love No! No love No! No love
*Ha, bitch*, you get No love
No! No love No! No love
*And I don't need you *No more
*Get 'em!*

I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again (Yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (Yeah!)
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (Haha)
Man, get these wack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (Yeah!)
'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (Uh)
That means I'm on top of my game
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
‘Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (Shit)
People just get sick ‘cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Killin' the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (*Yeah*)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't Hurt me
*That's right*, it don't Hurt me
And I don't need you No more
Don't wanna see you No more
*Ha, bitch*, you get no Love
You showed me nothing but hate (*Haha!*)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (*Yeah*)
And I don't need you Don't hurt me
That's right, you don't Hurt me
And I don't need you No more
Don't wanna see you
*Ha, bitch*, you get No love
No! No love No! No love No! No love
*Ha, bitch*, you get No love1Embed

