189 ContributorsUsed To Lyrics

Yeah—sound, sound, sound
Yeah, real 6 side shit
Sickos, ah man

Yeah, when you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin', it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' hit you up right after like it's only rap
Jewels look like I found a motherfuckin' treasure map
And ain't told no one where the fuck it's at
Shout out to the G's from the ends
We don't love no girls from the ends
I'm gon hit 'em with the wham once again
I'ma always end up as a man in the end, dog
It's just apparent every year
Only see the truth when I'm staring in the mirror
Lookin' at myself like, there it is there
Yeah, like there it is there man, whoo!
I ain't tryna chance it, I be with the bands
Like a nigga went to Jackson State or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum, dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it
See Drake LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to (What you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to (What you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (What you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man
Way more gully gully than buddy buddy
Never needed your acceptance, never needed nothin'
Y'all don't understand, I'm the one they want to hear from
Y'all don't understand that it's me or nothin'
Yeah, I'm fuckin' glowin' up
Shaq postin' up on niggas that I used to have posters of
Real quick, man, you couldn't have hated that
Let's be real, nigga, you couldn't have made it that, woo!
Dance how I dance, watch me dance
You're fuckin' with the best, man, I'm too advanced
After this drop I got new demands
Can't meet the terms, keep it movin' then
Make sure the plane got a phone now
So when we 'bout to land I can call to tell the woes I'm home now
I'll tell 'em link up at the valet at the Hazy
Think I got the shit that had the city going crazy
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to (What you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to (What you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (What you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man

When you get to where the fuck I'm at
You gotta remind 'em about where you been
About all of the money that done came and went
About the two cents I ain't never spent
When they say you're too famous to pack a gat
I gotta remind 'em about where I'm from
Not about where I'm going, about where I've gone
Stepping on a Swisher roach like a stepping stone
Goin' at a nigga throat like a herringbone
Boy, do I smell beef? Mmmm, pheromones
Got a fuckin' halo over my devil horns
Trap pumpin' all night like Chevron
Suck a nigga dick for a iPhone 6
Fuck my nigga Terry for a new Blackberry
You can get buried for a ounce of Katy Perry
I was only five, but still remember the drought in '87
Lord, tell 'em bitches I ain't got no times to play games with 'em
I ain't got no time
Tell her that I love her and I hate her in the same sentence
I'm fuckin' her mind
I got, mind control over Deebo
Parmesan my panino
Promethazine over pinot
And when my bloods start shootin' that's B-roll, bitch
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to (What you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to (What you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (What you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man

Yeah, they don't love you like they used to (What you say?)
In the city with the- windows down
Like I used to (What you say?)
Like I
Take some to getting used to (What you say?)
Man, they don't love you like they used to, man276Embed

