104 ContributorsCoCo Lyrics
(Juice808)
Look what you made me do
Me! That's who

I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait (Tell 'em, tell 'em!)
Tha Carter gon' be late so I cooked up a tape (Tell 'em!)
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil homie gon' be straight!
Woo! OW!

And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
Yeah, and I'm sorry for the wait, too
I told myself to save yourself
'Cause I can't save you (I can't save you)
I send my goons to kill somebody
I need head proof (I need head proof)
Fuck it (fuck it!) This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
I ain't trippin', I got Barbie, I got Drake too (I ain't trippin'!)
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof (Mula!)
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Boop!

Who kept this shit together? Nigga, me, that's who (nigga, me!)
Who was there when niggas left us? Nigga, me, that's who
Cash Money is an army, I'm a one man army (yeah)
And if them niggas comin' for me, I'm goin' out like Tony
(Bap-bap-bap-bap)
Now I don't want no problems
I just want my money (want my money)
Ain't gotta hold no conversation
Nor my luggage (nor my luggage)
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Woo, Birdman Junior – more like Ugly Duckling
You might also like
Takin' over, now I'm takin' over, yeah (now I'm takin' over)
Think it over? Bitch, I'm thinkin' forward, ta
I'm sippin' lean out a glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money – no more Cash, nigga, ayy!

And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
No more am I my brother's keeper – Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin'
I just chipped my tooth (Mula!)
Tell them niggas – no love lost, 'cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself
'Cause I can't save you (I can't save you)
I send my goons to kill somebody
I need head proof (I need head proof)
I found the needle in the haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up, but I just bled through

Yeah, it's compensation over conversation (no more conversation)
Lord, I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces (amen)
Lord, this game is a vampire (woo!)
Blood, you gotta protect your neck
It'll suck you dry like raisins, Lord
But fuck that, nigga, got it drawn out
Fuck that nigga, I'ma ball out
The day you met me is the day Hell froze
On the day I left is when it thawed out (ayy!)
I'm still in the buildin'
I just had to knock a couple walls down, had to kick y'all out (ayy)
Life is a movie, but sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin'
And walk out
Takin' over, Lord I'm takin' over
Dropped the Sorry 4 The Wait until the wait is over
Sippin' lean out a flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuck, and thrash, nigga, ayy!

And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2 (sorry for the wait)
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi – niggas don't appreciate you (don't appreciate you)
You've been down since day one
It meant nothin' on day two (damn)
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow, and to say, too
But I graduated from that bullshit, now I hate school

And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over (takin' over)
The old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so, then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda...220Embed

