82 ContributorsHot Nigga Lyrics
I'm sorry for the wait, nigga
I'm tighter than these pussy hoes, I'm chafe, nigga
Pockets full of crumbs, I'm a breadwinner
(Jahlil Beats, holla at me) Get 'em!

Uh, I'm sorry for the wait, nigga (sorry!)
I'm aiming at your Beats by Dr. Dre, nigga (bop!)
I put up some ornaments today nigga (why?)
Cause 'round here, every day a holiday, nigga
This that Sorry 4 the Wait 2 (Sorry 4 the Wait 2!)
That AK shoot like K Du (bop!)
Had to tell myself, "Tune, just stay tuned" (ay)
Swear I got the hardest floor, my shit break brooms (ooh!)
Uh, I been hot since 1998, nigga (ay)
That's 98 degrees, Nick Lachey, nigga (ay!)
Hope you know the Feds got Instagram
They liking every photo that you take, nigga!
I was totin' a gun before a switchblade (yeah)
Cut your head off and put it on display (bitch)
Boy, we find out where you live and then we invade (bitch)
Boy, we do not kill no kids, but your bitch dead (bitch!)
Ooh, shawty like the way that you floss out (ay)
Till I shoot you in the head, now she grossed out (ugh!)
I'm the boss, you just heard it from the horse mouth
I told a nigga count on me and niggas lost count
This world is only preparation for the next (alright)
Money bags under my eyes, money over rest
Tryna get a hundred M's out the alphabets (uh)
Open up my mouth to smile, ooh, treasure chest (ooh!)
Ooh, DJ Stevie J keep the Glock on him (Stevie J!)
I just bought a new .44 and I'm a proud owner (bop, bop, bop!)
Belfast and Monroe, that was our corner (that's true!)
Fuckin' fast in your ho, ooh, cowabunga (cowabunga)
Sip some lean, pop a Xan bar (Xan bar)
My bougie bitch pussy taste like caviar (caviar)
Once I fuck a bitch, her pussy is a landmark (ay)
I don't know how you like your steak, but I'm in rare form (get 'em!)
Fuck them bitchass niggas, fuck whoever care for 'em (get 'em!)
Mama jumped out a plane, I was air-borne (see ya)
Gold watches, gold chains; watch for Leprechauns (what?)
Favorite subject was PE, Pablo Escobar
Kill him when he least expect it, at a restaurant (blaow!)
Throw him with the rest of 'em, in a reservoir (run it)
I'm the renaissance man, peep my repertoire
Excuse my French, but it's menage a trois, au revoir! (ayy!)
Woo, my Nina Ross got a bad mouth (yeah)
Yea, I'm consuming grass like a cash cow (yeah)
Give a fuck 'bout a police with his badge out (fuck 'em!)
If you ain't got a warrant, get up out my damn house!
This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2 (2!)
This a all white affair, I brought the yay through (come on)
She said, "Tunechi, skate through, and I'ma skate you"
I'm aimin' at your grapefruit, bop, grape juice! (ah!)
Woo, tell them bitches free dick and blow
Give me head, can't kiss no more (nope!)
I got: free jewelry, car keys, and more
And I just started robbin' like a week ago!
Hundred diamonds on my bitch, I don't bling no more (no!)
Two hundred thousand for a show, you gotta speak to Po (Po!)
Yeah, got me on my Young Money shit (Young Money shit)
No Cash Money, just Young Money shit (woo!)
Woo, got me on my Young Money shit, yeah
You might also like
Yeah, hahaha
My nigga Chaz Ortiz in this bitch with me
Mula!42Embed

