62 ContributorsAmazing Amy Lyrics
Whoa, I'm in love with that ho bro
(Uh, Migo!)
We got London on da Track

She crazy as fuck (Crazy) but she sexy (bad) as fuck (She bad)
And she just hit me up, she text me "let's fuck" (Smash)
I'm just waking up but fuck it I'm up (I'm up)
Ooh! I'm on my way (where?)
Get out my way (Move), bump-bump-bump-bump (Move)
I'm Norman Bates and this bitch ain't normal, our kids gon be nuts (Not the babies!)
But when I had the yay
And the police would come she wouldn't give me up (Nah)
She knew what not to say
And when they would leave, she gave me heads up
Lord I feel like Plies (I'm feeling like), that's my lil' baby (Baby)
But that bitch so crazy (Crazy)
That bitch gon kill me, and then she'll be famous, that'll be crazy
Amazing Amy, amazing Amy, my bitch so crazy
But that's my bitch though, I must be crazier, she must be schizo
Fuck it, I love her, fuck it, I love her, don't fuck with my lover
Boy I'll put you under
Her last nigga shunned her, she ride me like Honda
Amazing Amy, amazing Amy, that bitch so crazy
That bitch gon' kill me, then she'll be famous
That's what's amazing (Damn)
But I'm in love with that ho though
Even though she loco
That pussy got me bozo
I'm in love with that ho bro
Amazing Amy, amazing Amy, my bitch so crazy
That bitch gon' kill me, then she'll be famous
That's so amazing
You might also like
She's so amazing
Lord I feel like Plies, that's my lil' baby
That bitch gon kill me, that'll be crazy
But that's what's amazing, that's my lil' baby
That bitch so crazy, amazing Amy
(Just wait on it, just wait on it)
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait, Amy
(Just wait on it, just wait on it, just wait on it)
And I'm so sorry for the wait, Amy...

Quavo!
She told me wait on it
I told her you gon have to put a date on it (Go)
You already let Tunechi skate on it
My hook in the water, lil' mama, she bait on it
Damn, I mean she bite on it (Grrr)
Kawasaki she can ride on it (Ride)
She too good for me like some vitamins
She swallowed the dick like a Heineken (Nasty)
I love her she came with a frying pan
Her mama black, her daddy from Japan
So amazing she deserve a Birkin bag
She so crazy she gonna take all of my cash
She in love with my money and I am so crazy
I'm gonna keep spending blue hunnids and for the jabronis
Waiting for Migos and Wayne to fall off
Nigga you can wait on it
Offset!
Choppa like Tony watch how I do my opponent
Wait on my moment I beat it I own it
Keep that thang on me you won't catch me lonely
She wanna suck and fuck and put it on me
She plotting on me trynna get some money (Cash)
Had to cut her cause the millions coming (Cut, yeah)
Run off with the work, started trappin dummies
Caucasian, Black and Asian you amazing
We poppin' them seals we not in the Navy
We won't take a deal cause we got the paper (Nah)
That people hate it, we still nominated
Young Rich Niggas yeah we graduated
I got bitches in the kitchen cookin' Sarah Palin
Smoking up the gas bag you can smell the fragrance (Gas)
Got me buying handbags, man this bitch is crazy (Uh, crazy)

Takeoff! Takeoff!
Amazing Amy
Amy wanna have my baby
(Nah) she been patiently waiting
Waitin' for me to get famous (Waitin' for)
Want me to buy her Mercedes
I thumb through the check then I looked at her crazy
I'm focused on the M&M's
You want Benjamin Franklins you gotta have patience
I pull up in the coupe and its disabled
I'm drinking on maple these bitches watching me on cable (Actavis)
Nigga's trynna copy but they can't be the creator
I'm a legend, feel like Will Smith, can you be my Jada?
And I'm in the Oakland, Audi looking like a Raider
When the Migos in your city we pack out your stadium
In the kitchen with the Dominican's I'm creating em'
Trappin and dabbin', pull up at your bando with Wayne & them!
She's so amazing
Lord I feel like Plies, that's my lil' baby
That bitch gon kill me, that'll be crazy
But that's what's amazing, that's my lil' baby
That bitch so crazy, amazing Amy
(Just wait on it, just wait on it)
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait, Amy
(Just wait on it, just wait on it, just wait on it)
And I'm so sorry for the wait, Amy...

Amazing, amazing, ohh kill me! Crazy!
Amazing Amy! Oh! Oh!41Embed

