75 ContributorsThe Question Lyrics
Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am
Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am
Uh
Yeah (Want you to feel it)
Man, my voice probably sounds mad raspy right now
(I want you all to feel it) Yeah
So step up on the mic and, uh
Show 'em what you got, tiger
A'ight, look

Uh, sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am
So I've been lookin' in the mirror and it still don't make no sense
I'm askin', "What am I supposed to do?"
Done so much in my short lifetime, but I haven't done shit
I done flew around the whole world
First I shook a million hands, then I took a million pictures
But I'm a hostage in my own world
Yeah, my thoughts my own enemy, got no time for these bitches
I got too much on my damn mind
So if I add some more stress, I just don't see how I'ma cope
I think they underestimate the grind
I do to bring this dough, and I'm only 20 years old
I wonder why I sip this devil juice, 'cause it feel incredible
You might also like
Problems, I got several
Thank God that none of that medical
Uh, I've been blessed with, much to be expected

What am I doing here?
I wonder what am I doing here
What am I doing here? (Uh)
What am I doing here?

I hope this feelin' last for fuckin' ever
I don't wanna come back down, let me stay above the ground
I hope I do what I was meant to do
'Cause I've been searchin' for that answer, I just hope I get it now
Please, let me find euphoria
When you up above the clouds, like, "Who gon' touch me now?"
And do we ever get to know the truth?
'Cause everybody seems to have it, but to me it seems they lack it
Now I'm rollin' and I'm sippin' lean
Sometimes I catch a buzz just to help me picture love
Drinkin' liquor and I'm smokin' weed
And you don't ever do too much if you could never do enough
Wonder why it's me instead of you, I'll be there to rescue you
Problems, you got several
Thank God that none of that medical
Uh, I've been blessed with, much to be expected

What am I doing here?
I wonder what am I doing here
What am I doing here?
What am I doing here?

Uh, sittin' in my Bentley,  thinkin' 'bout these hoes
All I do is kill 'em, I kill 'em like Nicole
Simpson, flag crimson, smoke 'em like Winstons
I just bought a new chopper, I treat it like an infant
I'm lightin' up a stogie, it's longer than a hoagie
Situation's gettin' fishy and I don't eat anchovies
Fuck the world, kill 'em all, she answer when I call
If the cops pull us over, she gon' hide it in her drawers
See, I come from a place where stars never shine
And drama is accepted, credit cards are declined
Everybody gotta die, but I ain't everybody
If that ho play with me, I whoop that chick like Terrence Howard
I'm a pimp, I ain't lyin', but that is not important
I'm just tryna buy time, but can't really afford it
Sayin' ain't that a bitch, but I hope that bitch is bad
I feel like money in the trash, like...
What am I doing here? (Whoa)
I wonder what am I doing here (Yeah... Young Mula, baby)
What am I doing here?
What am I doing here?32Embed

