86 ContributorsLollipop (Remix) Lyrics
Haha
Uh-huh
No homo (Young Mula, baby!)
I say, he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
Remix, baby!

Lollipop, lollipop, breastses just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot
'Til she ask, "How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take" 'til she get to shop?
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze
Tell a girl, "Like Doritos, that's not 'cho cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin' to lay"
I can't only have one, and I ain't trying to wait
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gon' melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man, I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold, chicken soup won't help
We need four more hoes, we need oh, oh, oh, oh!
You know what it is when we out of town
We balling too serious, and you out of bounds
So come here, baby girl
You're now fucking with the best in the world
You might also like
Lollipop
The best in the world
Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop
World, world
She— She lick me like a lollipop

Shawty want a thug, thug, thug
Bottles in the club, club, club (Bottles in the club)
Shawty wanna hump (Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

Shawty say she wanna lick the wrapper
And she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor
I Anita-bake her; now, she caught up in that "Rapture"
I got so much chips, I swear, they call me "Hewlett Packard"
I got so much chips, you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy mother-fudge cake; now, tell me how that fudge tastes
I do it for Bloods' sake—soo-woo!
Think it's voodoo how that roof do di-di-dissipate
Your girl want to participate
She so, so sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain
And then, my diamonds are in the choir because they sing from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang because all she do is bang
Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye: pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment
Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-Can't-Make-An-Appointment
Take my lollipop and enjoy it—remix!
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug (Shawty want a thug, yeah!)
Bottles in the club, club, club (Bottles in the club, yeah!)
Shawty wanna hump (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
In the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I've flushed out the feeling of me being the shit
'Cause I was leaving skid marks on everywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it, like Hide-and-Go
And I can go anywhere: eeny, mini, miney, mo
I'm in your neighborhood, area, CD-thing, tapedeck
​iPod, your girlfriend, and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
'Cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
Haha! So wrap it up!
Bu-Bu-But he's so sweet, sh-she wanna lick the wrapper

Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club, club, club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Re-Re-Re-Remix, baby!)
Lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)
She— She lick me like a lollipop (L-Lollipop)
Sh-Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)
She— She lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)24Embed

