40 ContributorsC’Yeah Lyrics
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah (Polow), cyeah (Polow), cyeah
Cyeah (Zone 4), cyeah (Zone 6), cyeah, cyeah (So crazy, Zone 6, yeah)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah

I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there

Do you know who I am? (Huh?) Baby girl, my name the shit
I'm the shit, yeah, the shit, Gucci Mane off in this bitch
When I spit, stupid swift, I feel like I got a gift (Huh?)
Leave the truck 'bout forty thousand, but this one is on the strip
A balloon to a blimp, ladies ask me do I pimp
'Cause I walk with a limp, so much ice, you feel a drift
Light a spliff, take a whiff, if you feel like, take a sniff
Drink a fifth, pop a what? One of those, then plead the Fifth
Forty K on a Wednesday, catch me in the M
Look at me, look at them, don't I look better than him?
And my rims match my gems, pinky same color my wheels
And my drop top match my ears, no flodgin', I keep it real
You might also like
I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like (Ha, yeah)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there (Hahahaha, leggo)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there  (I told you niggas, look, yeah!)

They done fucked around and let me back on my G shit
My wheels big, they deep dish (Woof!)
Engine bigger than a motherfucker
But on the dashboard, you see fish (Aye)
See-through, all blue
I'm bigger than a barracuda, fuck you (Hahaha)
Whole bunch of niggas in my clique, they gorillas
And I'm fuckin' with the, motherfuckin' dawgs too (Woof!)
All of this money, I done met my quota (Yeah)
I'm ballin', bitch (Ha)
Flow sick, track ebola (Ugh)
Polow, this that shit
For all the ladies, you know this that dick (Yeah)
Hold up, wait a minute (Boaw!)
Did he just say that? Yes, I did (Boaw!)
Now open your legs up, let me show you this business (Ah!)
Microphones, I blaze, boy
Any little beat, any track, I kill it (Yeah)
Fuckin' them models, straight Playboy (Boy)
I stick my ding-a-ling down they throat like ribbit
Got the girls in the club with their lace front swingin' (Ha)
Lookin' at my girl like, "No, you didn't" (Uh-uh)
Somebody better call 911
With all this motherfuckin' pussy I'm killin' (Yeah!)
I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might (Might)
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like (Like)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there (Yeah)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like (Alright)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there

Uh, stay in line, ho
Yeah, get your mind right, bitch
Yeah, all pussy ain't good pussy
And I don't like bald pussy, I like wolf pussy
My woman fuck me good and make kush cookies
Pockets on Snookie, I wouldn't fuck Snookie
Hm, I skate hard and fuck a bitch harder
Shawty got a donk, call her Vince Carter
Eat a redbone like red velvet cake
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the weddin' cake
And if that nigga trippin', tell him, "Yellow tape"
I'm like 5'6", dick 7'8"
Cyeah, hahaha

I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might (Tunechi)
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like (That right)
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there (Young Mula, baby!)
I don't really do this much, but, baby girl, I might
Fly you, buy you crazy things 'cause you're the type I like
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there
Cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, cyeah, go get that girl right there6Embed

