1 ContributorBeware (Tedsmooth Remix) Lyrics
Baby, last time calling me baby (Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
Last time calling me crazy, crazy, crazy (Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)
Baby, last time calling me baby (Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
Last time calling me crazy, crazy, crazy (Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)

When you said it was over, you shot right through my heart
Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart?
Ooh, I was so mad, I should've seen this coming right from the start
You should beware, beware, beware of a woman with a broken heart (Ted Smooth, straight face, you remember!)

Girl, don't believe them hoes
'Cause they don't wanna see us together
And you already know you're too fly
But baby, don't get your hair caught in the propellers
I be tryna tell her these hoes is jealous
You know they never like it when you never say never
Long hair, red bone, but her pussy is hairless
Mwah, I french kiss it like we in Paris
I be screaming out, "Ain't no woman like the one I got!"
But she be always worrying about the one I fucked
She said it's gonna be me, myself and I
Damn, that'd make me a one-eyed fuck
I was so mad
Damn, you used to ride a nigga like a moped
But players fuck up, my bad
And just to keep from crying, I laughed
You might also like
When you said it was over, you shot right through my heart (Tunechi)
Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart
Ooh, I was so mad, I should've seen this coming right from the start (Damn) (Jaz!)
You should beware, beware, beware of a woman with a broken heart (Brooklyn!)

Let me talk to these niggas!
How could I be so stupid?
Nah!
How could you be so stupid?
These hoes liked your money
I loved you and I proved it
Shit was like a movie not the ones Tom Cruising
Nigga you kept playin' me the bad things you looted it
Over and over this shit was the worse
Was the breakup worth me findin' lipstick on your shirt?
Or them condoms in your wallet sinked deep in them skirts?
Who you welcome home to nigga?
Shit gonna hurt
I'ma go back to I won't name drop
Boy you don't care, you movin' on, when will the game stop?
You sayin' that you good
But I think not
This cupid shot me and you in the same spot
I gave you all the Jaz but ain't enough huh
And I know you say you bad cause players fuck up
Since you gambled with my love and prayers what's up
When you said it was over, you shot right through my heart (Sean!)
Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart?
Ooh, I was so mad, I should've seen this coming right from the start
You should beware, beware, beware of a woman with a broken heart

Okay, skeet, smoke, sleep, call, miss, text, woke, spoke
Lie, feel, Lisa, ew, time, kill, months, still

I got somebody baby mama calling me daddy (Yup)
I drank too much, please call me a cabby (Swerve)
Penthouse afterparty, hoes want the addy (Swerve)
Fuck, they can ride with us, crawl in the Caddy
Third row, that's when you call, I hit cancel
Really, I hit answer, fuck, I hate when that happens
Phone in my pocket for the whole night
And you heard bitches screaming 'til my phone died
Then she text me like, "Why you still talk to my mama?
How the fuck you run around with condoms?
Why you make me get this tattoo? Man, fuck this tattoo
You the reason I wasn't single in college
What, all because I had you?
Nigga, I don't even have you
How I'm supposed to get past you?"
Then she called the next guy, spillin' some real shit
Now they problems that he got to deal with
When you said it was over, you shot right through my heart
Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart?
Ooh, I was so mad, I should've seen this coming right from the start
You should beware, beware, beware of a woman with a broken heart

Baby, last time calling me baby (Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
Last time calling me crazy, crazy, crazy (Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)
Baby, last time calling me baby (Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
Last time calling me crazy, crazy, crazy (Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)
(Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
(Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)
(Ain't no woman like the one I got!
But she be always worrying about the one I got!)
(Ain't no woman like the one I got! The one I got! The one I got!)Embed

