2 ContributorsHow Many Times (Remix) Lyrics
How many times I'm gon' tell your ass to come over?
How-how many times I'm gon' tell your ass to bend over?
How many times I'm gon' tell your ass I give no fucks?
How many times I'm gon' tell your ass I give no fucks? (Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah)

Hold up, hold up, let me get myself situated
Baby, text my phone soon as you on your way
They say you a dime, I think you underrated
He ain't spendin' money, girl, you underpaid
He ain't, he ain't spendin' money, baby, andele
You don't need that nigga anyway
Yo-young nigga with the juice (Woo)
Cocaine for the booths (Woo)
You think she won't, she gon' do it (Do it)
And if she takin' the dick, she into it (Do it)
Look at the flick of the wrist, we got to it
We just fuckin', we are not a item
Then forgot to blame it on the marijuana
This is not a do this in my slumber
I'm a savage, how I beat it, murder
Killed the pussy like a G, you heard of me (Woo)
Yeah, I know that you heard of me
For certain, these bitches been onto me
But ain't that shit how it's supposed to me?
How many times?
You might also like
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (Tunechi)
I'll fuck you right, have you walkin' from side to side
You know how a nigga feel 'bout wastin' time (You know)
Know how I feel about waitin' in line (You know)
You know he ain't it, girl, you're wastin' your time (Ha!)
You're only this young for a moment in time, take it in stride (Woo!)
How-how-how-how-how many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (How many times?)
How many times I gotta? (Live life, I gotta tell yo' ass)
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (Over)
How many times I gotta? (Come over)
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (Come over)
I'll fuck you right, have you walkin' from side to side
How many times?

How many times I got to tell your ass to come over?
How many times I got to tell you I got a chauffeur?
Think about it, think it over
Everything is gon' be kosher
Call me when you gettin' closer
If you take a taxi, how much I owe ya?
Don't send me no naked pictures
If I can't get naked with ya
This dick deserve recognition
I don't mind payin' that commission
Is you with the shit or nah?
If we ain't fuckin' then, bitch, bon voyage
How many times? I said how many times?
Too many times and bitch, I ain't got time
]
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (Tunechi)
I'll fuck you right, have you walkin' from side to side
You know how a nigga feel 'bout wastin' time (You know)
Know how I feel about waitin' in line (You know)
You know he ain't it, girl, you're wastin' your time (Ha!)
You're only this young for a moment in time, take it in stride 
How-how-how-how-how many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (How many times?)
How many times I gotta? (Live life, I gotta tell yo' ass)
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (Over)
How many times I gotta? (It's We The Best Music, come over)
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over? (We The Best sound)
I'll fuck you right, have you walkin' from side to side (Hey!)
How many times?Embed

