1 ContributorFreestyle Lyrics
Get at us
DJ Whiteowl
Good morning, New York
Good afternoon, New Orleans
Goodnight, America
This is Young Money... Nicki Minaj

They don't make us to break us, no, I'm with the bakers (Haha)
I'm gettin bread with dread up in Jamaica (Yeah)
It's them young stunnas, Nick and Lil Weezy (Weez)
Nic, I'm the chick that go getta like Jeezy (Go-getter)
Fall back, 'cause I do this here (Yeah)
Step your bars up, or you're through this year (Ha)
Yup, it's only right that the whole block stare (Woo)
Hopped out the air in the blue-and-white layer (Yeah)
I'm here, I'm with Long-Hair-Don't-Carе (Mm)
Steady staring at my ear, 'cause my еar on glare
Now, it's not hard to find me (Yeah), top behind me (Yeah)
You be Harry Potter, and I'll be Hermione
I be early (Haha), I'm the girl they... (Ugh)
Call "the One" like on my first birthday
I'm in that Range Rov' (Yeah), rocking that Kangol (What it do)
That pussy real good, it tastes like mango (Hahaha)
You might also like
Can't stop, won't stop repping Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we... (Yeah)
Boys, they, boys, they love me
Chromed-out eleven-hundred (Yeah! Hahaha)
Can't stop, won't stop repping Young Money, and we (Ya dig?)
We get down, and we, we get down, and we... (Uh-huh)

(Go!) So I guess it's my turn (Yeah)
And I'ma go at niggas' heads like sideburns (Get 'em)
Big Phantom on the road, make a wide turn (Errr!)
Big light-green buds, is what I burn (/fff/)
Nicki, since I've been rapping, this what I've learned (Yes)
All these other niggas pussy like dry sperm (Fuck 'em)
And I knock this shit out like Tom Hearns (Boom)
If it ain't about money, me no concerned (Uh-uh)
A paper chaser 'til my thigh burn (Come on)
And never give a bitch what I've earned (Ehn-ehn!)
Haha, fuck I look like? (Ha)
I'm lookin for a bitch that can fuck right, cook right (Go)
And if not, then, left foot, right
Foot, get to steppin, yeah, bitch, walk light (Ha)
And my hoes talk like
"Hsshswash," and I just say "Right," hahahaha
We don't fuss fight
She is just... just... just right
Can't stop, won't stop repping Young Money, and we (Ya dig!)
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...
Boys, they, boys, they love me
Chromed-out eleven-hundred (Go)
Can't stop, won't stop repping Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...
I'm on tour 'til my money's like the bus' height
Ice looking bright, see me coming like bus lights, Weez!

Ahahaha
Nicki Minaj
Young Money
Fuck with me, Fendi!
Yeah
We gon' get some money
Don't matter what they do
We gon' get some moneyEmbed

