24 ContributorsSweetest Girl Lyrics
Some live for the bill, some kill for the bill
She whine for the bill, grind for the bill (And she used to be the sweetest girl)
Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill (And she used to be the sweetest girl)
Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill, oh

High school, she was that girl
That make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a ten)
High school she was that girl
That make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a ten)
Never thought that she would come and work for the president
Mr. George Washington (Where my money at?)
She balls, he calls (Where my money at?)
She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day
All he wanna know is (Where my money at?)
Closed legs don't get fed
Go out there and make my bread
All he wanna know is (Where my money at?)
She ended up in the wrong car
Bruised up, scarred hard
All he wanna know is (Where my money at?)
She balls, he calls (Where my money at?)

See I'ma tell you like Wu told me
Cash rules everything around me
Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all (Dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all (Dollar, dollar bill y'all)
See I'ma tell you like Wu told me
Cash rules everything around me
Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all (Dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all (Dollar, dollar bill y'all)
You might also like
Money, money, money, money
Money, money, money, money
It drives the world crazy
Weezy (She used to be)
And she used to be the sweetest girl

But when a good girl gone, she gone forever
See, you can't make it rain without the stormy weather
And it's funny when it rains, when it rains it pours
Would've never happened if I would've stayed indoors
Would've never happened if I never traded in my textbooks
'Cause now I'm hot but the critics say I'm just looks
They say I'm too sexy, they say I'm sellin' out
'Cause when I come out niggas get their umbrellas out
I take the L 'cause I don't want to see my brother lose
Been through it all but I can never fill my mother's shoes
And now, I don't want a handout
I just want my ad-libs to get panned out
And I just wanna tell the girls that could feel me
That I just play the cards that a nigga deal me
See, everything I been through coulda killed me
That's why there really ain't nothing you could tell me
You see, I live for the bill, I die for the bill
And I still make sure I read the bi– to the –ble
And every time I write I'm precise in my skill
It's more to life than just ice in your grill
Fuck me, blame me, fuck you, pay me
This is what you made me (Where my money at?)
Say you want to drape me, turned around and rape me
Now you ain't mistake me (Where my money at?)
Where my girls at? Where my girls at?
If they frontin' then tell 'em, "Yo, where my money at?"
Where my money at?
Where my, where my money at?
Whe-whe-whe-whe-whe—, yo, where my money at?
Where my girls at? Where my girls at? (Hey, hey-yeah)
If they frontin' then tell 'em, "Yo, where my money at?" (Where my money?)
Where my money at? (Oh, oh, oh)
Where my-where my money at?
Whe-whe-whe-whe-whe—, yo, where my money at?2Embed

