2 ContributorsMrs. Officer (Video Version) LyricsPart 1: Mrs. Officer

Ayy
Ayy (yeah)
Hey (yeah)
Ayy, ayy, ayy
(Valentino) Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby Valentino)

When I get up all in ya (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make ya say

Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off all the lights
She said I have the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
You might also like
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make ya say

Haha, and after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911"
Hah, emergency only
Doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
Then I- it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Like a cop car
When I get up all on ya'
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya' say
Part 2: Comfortable

Yeah

I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying) (Woo)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love (That's all I ask, baby)
For granted, 'cause, granted
My love for you is real (Ohh) (Yeah)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Somebody else)
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable (Yeah)
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)
Yeah, to the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable, listening to Beyoncé
Well, okay, I put you out on your b-day
Hey, now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like soufflé?
Don't I look at you like I see a new day?
And don't I do what I do say?
I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'FaceEmbed

