1 ContributorEvery Girl (Single Version) Lyrics
Tha Biz—Tha Bizness

Ugh, I like a long-haired, thick redbone
Open up, th-then filet-mignon that that
I'ma get in and on that that
If she, if-she let me in, I'ma own-own
Gon-Gon-Gon-Gon' throw it back and bust it open like you 'posed to
Girl, I got that dope, n-n-now, come here, let me dope you
You gon' be a dope fiend, your friends should call you "Dopey"
Tell 'em keep my name out they mouth 'cause they don't know me
Ha, but you can call me Tunechi
I'll the whole group, baby, I'm a groupie
My sex game is stupid, my hеad is the dumbest
I promise, I should bе Hooked on Fonics
Hah, but anyway, I think you're bionic
And I don't think you're beautiful, I think you're beyond it
And I just wanna get behind it
And watch you back it up and, ba—back it up

'Cause we like her (Hey), and we like her, too
And we like her (Hey), and we like her, too
And we like her (Hey), and we like her, too
And we like her, and she like us too, and oh...
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world (Oh...)
I wish I could— every girl in the world (Yeah, alright)
Oh, oh, ahh
You might also like
She be jumpin' up and down, tryna fit that, fit that in
Took her half an hour just to get that belt to fasten
All they wanna talk about is partying and fashion
Every single night I have a dream that I am smashing 'em all
Young Money, man, this so timeless
And I'm in the mood to get faded, so please, bring your finest
And what are all your names again? We drunk, remind us
Are any of y'all into girls like I am? Les-be-honest!
She wants me, she wants me
'Cause I got it all, shawty, tell me what you don't see
I will— with all y'all, all of y'all are beautiful
I just can't pick one, so you can never say I'm choosing—
And Wayne say—
Alcohol seem to satisfy us all, damn
And every time I think of staying with her
She bring that friend around and make a— reconsider
And then...

'Cause we like her (Hey), and we like her, too
We like her (Hey), and we like her, too
We like her (Hey), and we like her, too
And we like her, and she like us, too, and oh...
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I—I—I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
Calling all sexy ladies
Oh, oh, ahh
But, um, I ain't being disrespectful, baby, I'm just bein' Millz
And I don't know how fake feels, so I gotta keep it real
I just want to every girl in the world
Every model, every singer, every actress, every diva
Every high-saditty chick, every college girl, every
Stripper, and every desperate housewife that resemble Eva
My role model was Wilt, so, married women or MILF
It don't matter who you is, miss—you can get "Tha Bizness"
Ha!

These— is God's gift like Christmas
I like 'em caramel skin, long hair, thick—
Ugh, and I swear I'm feelin' all of y'all
I'm scrollin' down my call log, and I'ma call all of y'all
My butter-pecan, Puerto Rican
She screamin' out, "Papi!" every time—
And I'm about to get my Bill Clinton on
And Hilary can— too, boy, I gets my pimpin' on

'Cause we like her (Hey), and we like her, too
We like her (Hey), and we like her, too
We like her (Hey), and we like her, too
And we like her, and she like us, too, and oh...
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world (Oh, oh, ahh)
And bitch, I'm Mack Ma-a-a-aine...
Sanaa Lathan, Meagan Good
Angelina Jolie, ha, D. Woods
For free suites, I'd give Paris Hilton all-nighters
In about three years, holla at me, Miley Cyrus
I don't discriminate, no, not at all
A midget, if that— soft, I break her off
I exchange V-cards with the—
And get behind the Christian like Dior 'cause he are
Mack Mizzle, baby
'Cause he are Mack Mizzle, baby

And I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
I wish I could— every girl in the world
Young Moolah, babyEmbed

