114 Contributors3 Peat Lyrics
Yessir!
They can't stop me
Even if they stopped me...
Hahahah, yeah

I'm on it, ooh, I'm on it
I'm so on it, and however you want it
You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho
I get the beat from (Maestro), a-fuckin' right, ho!

I might go crazy on these niggas, I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What! What! I don't give a motherfuck
Get your baby kidnapped and your baby-mother fucked
It's Tha Carter 3, bitch, better put your supper up
Hollygrove, I throw it up like I'm trying to lose my gut
Fuck is up? Beat him up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it, shit
Get on my level? You can't get on my level
You gon' need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
However, I'm better, if not now, then never
Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick
Bitch, swallow my words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches, I'd have been in that casket
According to the doctor, I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches, like Magic
Abracadabra, I'm up, like Viagra
I just do this shit for my clique, like Adam Sandler
I control hip-hop, and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me! Bitch, watch me! Bitch, watch me!
But they cannot-see me, like Hitler
It's the New Orleans nightmare
Money so old, it's growing white hair
Young Money, baby! Yeah, we right here
I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears
And mama, don't cry, your son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put up in the hills, yeah
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, we did exactly what I said
I tell my girl, "When you fuck me, better fuck me good
'Cause if another girl could, she gon' fuck me good"
No sitting at the table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart
Scott, fresh out the ESPN shop
And when SportsCenter poppin', everything stoppin'
But you can't fool me, I know what you watchin'
You might also like
Me! You watch me!
You watch me! 'Cause I be
Weezy, must-see TV, C3
Nigga, that's me, and I'm me
I'm me, times three
So retreat, or suffer defeat
I'm back, 3-Peat!
C3!37Embed

