34 ContributorsHolla at Me Lyrics
DJ Khaled! Terror Squad!
And he goes by the name of...
Listennn!

You got the right one (Yeah), it's Weezy Fuckin' Baby (Yeah)
And if your woman looking (Yeah), I'll let the woman taste me (Yeah)
Okay, now I'm with Khaled (Yeah), we wildin' in Miami (Yeah)
We got a bunch of bitches (C'mon), we pile 'em in the Phantom (Yeah)
They follow us to "mansion" (Gone), but I don't mean the club (Uh-uh)
I'm talking 'bout my crib (Yeah)—mama, I'm trying to fuck (Whoa)
It's Cash Money, baby (Yeah), It's Young Money, bitch (Yeah)
Now you can swallow that (Whoa) or you can suck a dick (Damn)
Okay, Tunnel shit, Lil Wayne, fuck a bitch (C'mon)
Lil' nigga, big money, big guns for lil' shit (C'mon)
Nigga, I ain't Will Smith, nah, I ain't a Fresh Prince (Uh-uh)
Nigga, I'm a young king, nigga, I'm a Bun B (Yeah)
I go hard, ask my broad (Yeah)
Ms. Stevie Wonder, she ain't lookin at y'all (She can't see you)
The rest goes without me having to say
I say, "Go, go, a-go, go—" (DJ!)

Hanh, holla at me, what it do, what it is
You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me, baby)
I'ma pimp her, I'll show her how I live
Take her back, then I put it in her ribs (Holla at me, baby)
I'm a monster, I do it real big
You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me, baby)
You can see it from afar, I'm the shit
Scream at me, what it do, what it is (What it do)
You might also like
It's— Paul Wall, baby, Swishahouse club rocker
Chunk a deuce, sip a deuce, pouring up the Goose vodka
Lone Star beast, straight up out the H
Sure stopping all the hate, sippin on the ski taste
I got the INS on my tail, Immigration still harass
'Cause they see me in a foreign, riding on imported glass
Getting cash is my number-one task
Until I'm under the grass, that's why I'm top of the class
I'm a GRiT Boy looking for a ass like Ki Toy
Leave a bitch back all nutty like Almond Joy
My boy Joey I.E. got the sweet
And Neek got the Sweets, and Gu got the freaks
Beat it up like a ass-whipping
The album dropped, and it's been a lot of ass-kissing
But I ain't tripping, I'm trill
That's why I'm posted with Khaled, 'cause he the real
One hundred, baby, like a bill—holla at me, baby

Holla at me, what it do, what it is
You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me, baby, Khaled!)
I'ma pimp her, I'll show her how I live (Khaled!)
Take her back, then I put it in her ribs (Holla at me, baby, oww!)
I'm a monster, I do it real big (Ugh)
You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me, baby)
You can see it from afar, I'm the shit (Yeah, ugh)
Scream at me, what it do, what it is (What it do, ugh, yeah)
Nah, homie, you done got it fucked up
You ain't got as much money as us (Nope, nope)
We sent Campbell in 'cause he got goggles on
And he pushing something foreign as fuck (Oww!)
Now, all I gotta do is push a little button quick fast
And the chopper come out of the stash (Br-r-rat!)
Yeah, money ain't jewels, motherfucker, you lose
I'll make you do the fucking Sean Combs dance (Follow me now)
Who wan' come test the king?
Have your baby ma' bless the team (Mmm-mwah!)
Shit, I ain't even know she could twerk it like that
She a motherfucking sex machine—holla at me, baby (Oww!)

Holla at me, what it do, what it is
You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me, baby)
I'ma pimp her, I'll show her how I live
Take her back, then I put it in her ribs (Holla at me, baby)
I'm a monster, I do it real big
You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me, baby)
You can see it from afar, I'm the shit
Scream at me, what it do, what it is (What it do)

Stunting in a Magnum, riding with my hat low
Forty-five Magnum, barrel full of airholes
Dade County (Represent), dope boy (Ever since)
Know that I'm a (Veteran), million-dollar (Residence)
Rick Ross (Big chips), AKs (Flip clips)
Offset rims; on the rear, six-inch lips
Started on the (Benches), rose through the (Trenches)
Now, I'm the shit, bitch, go and check your (Census)
Known for the (Benzes), chrome on the Bentleys
Smoking on the (Mint leaves), then counting big cheese
Flip soft (Whip that), Rick Ross (Whip that)
Khaled go hard, dog—talk to 'em, Paul Wall
Holla at me, what it do, what it is
You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me, baby)
I'ma pimp her, I'll show her how I live
Take her back, then I put it in her ribs (Holla at me, baby)
I'm a monster, I do it real big
You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me, baby)
You can see it from afar, I'm the shit (EEEE-YUUU!)
Scream at me, what it do, what it is (What it do)

It's Mr. 305, AKA—
Mr. Snort Yay', Spit Rocks, Made in Dade
I owe my future: the last name Campbell, first name Luther
The Gunshine State, where they shoot you
The bottom, the crib, what they do (What it is)
Bust a clip (Flip a brick)—"Hey, buddy, where's the lick?"
"That's all we talk about?" Well, welcome to the South
We in, get our bread, then we out, no doubt, huh
'Palas and 'prices (Haha); these boys dirty
They fuck your mother, sister, daughter and nieces
Ahora, loca, mueva la cadera
Abre la boca y viene la madera (Woo!)

Holla at me, what it do, what it is
You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me, baby)
I'ma pimp her, I'll show her how I live
Take her back, then I put it in her ribs (Holla at me, baby)
I'm a monster, I do it real big
You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me, baby)
You can see me from afar I'm the shit
Scream at me, what it do, what it is (What it do)Embed

