68 ContributorsAmen (D4) Lyrics
Gangsta Grillz ya bastards!
There's a couple married bitches in the building: fucked them!
I get that mouth I get that pussy:...The End
I see you niggas got no life.. Sixth Sense
She said she wanna fuck my brains out
But she gon have to suck this dick first!
Preach! Fucking right I'm geeked
She sat on my dick, she sat on my face
I told that bitch she got good seats
Man, these niggas softer than fleece
Shoot these niggas in they obliques
You talkin' shit, I knock you out, now go ahead and talk in your sleep
Bitch you know the motto!
It's Young Money over hoes
Lying to these bitches, they call my dick Pinnochio
Gettin' to the money, now the money getting to me
She say my vert-dick is hung like a jury
I'm on the track: DOA
Some of these niggas be DEA
Money tall: NBA
Broke niggas: SMH
Hit it like Canseco
While she say "you No way Jose!"
I got an O of that white
What you call that? OKKK!
Every night I go hard
She blow me like Boston George
She like it in her ass, mouth and pussy: 3 car garage!
These niggas is false alarms
They don't mean no fuckin harm
Hey baby let's make a porn!
Ba-bum! Devil horns
You know that I ain't got no ceilings!
The money changed me, I'm making chameleons
Only God can judge me, can't appeal it
In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit
Amen! Tell them alphabet boys it's a "G" thing
I've got a street sweeper.. do you need your street cleaned?
Young Money bitch! We colder than a ski team
Red beam, if you scared, muthafucka go to church!
Preach! Security breach
I'm on that grass harder than cleats
I'm on that gas, and y'all on E
Nigga my cash out of your reach
I run shit like the reverend
She get on her knees and pray to this dick
Then swallow all of them blessings
Church!
You might also like
Just a way of life
Bought my mama a crib
Bought my daddy a car
Let them both meet Tune
Now they think I'm a star
Damn I love this life wouldn't trade it for nothing
Most theses rappers is falling cause they ain't standing for nothing
I smoke that loud so I don't hear haters talking
Plus these bitches be stalking trying look for a fortune
In the Chi we say church when the pussy gets purchase
Got a bitch so bad she make a player get nervous
Now good ain't good enough and my hood is hood as fuck
I be praying for them shorties trynna get their dollars up
Swag so dope you probably think I'm dealing
And I only give head if baby girl swallow children
Boo ain't got a ghost and bitches still be catch the holy ghost
She say she want to get high I hit her with that overdose
Pimpin' so cold put that on my overcoat
Only ride foreign
We don't do 100 spokes
When broke niggas talk that's 100 jokes
Ha Laughing at you fuck boys
Skate gear I'm a truck boy
On my truck right I don't give a fuck boy2Embed

