13 ContributorsMy Homies Still (Remix) Lyrics
Don't make my slimes go stupid, go stupid
Hahaha
Millzy!

That A-K like Aretha, it's gon' sing, and you gon' respect me
You niggas just good at playin gangster roles—Joe Pesh-ky
That's your girl, but it's my world, so she ride me like a cruise ship
My flight land, I check in my suite, she bust it open like a new gift
We ain't from no water fighting, but you will get Super soaked
My goons will catch you in that Ghost and turn your ass into a ghost
My flow super stupid, Forrest Gump, that's retarded-dumb
Kush cloud my lungs and my clique bang
Keep the change, Rich Gang—Millzy!

Pump that bass, pump that bass
Yeah, my homies still— (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
My homies still— (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
Yeah, my homies still (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
(Pump that bass)
Go stupid, go stupid
We go stupid, yeah, don’t make 'em—
Go stupid, go stupid
Gudda!
Gudda!
You might also like
Yeah, okay, my bass pump and my face pump
One bump leave your face numb
Let my white girl hit, watch that bitch go straight dumb
All my yola A1, been that way since day one (L'ego)
Plus I speak that cocaine, watch me bake this cake up
Wake up—y'all sleeping on me (Gudda)
Bass all in my speakers, homie (Yeah)
And I ain't talking 808s
Chasing Franklins like I'm Aretha, homie (Woo)
Tony Hawk, I grind (Grind), holla at my slime (Tunechi)
And we don't drop no dimes and you still fuck one time
'Cause we

Pump that bass, pump that bass
Ha! Yeah, my homies still— (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
Yeah, that's right, my homies still— (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
Yeah, my homies still— (Pump that bass, pump that bass)
Gudda! (Pump that bass)
Let's get it! Go stupid, go stupid
Let's get it, let's get it
Go stupid, go stupid, (I'm 'bout to get stupid on this motherfucker)
Ayy, go (Tunechi, I got you, nigga! S'go!)

Yeah, you know it takes two, yeah, nigga, Rob Base
Best you watch when you're cooking your blow, Scarface (Damn!)
G—Got a big gold chain around my neck, neck brace
You should go there, nigga, on them old cold cases, yeah!
All I serve is raw, straight sushi, yeah, Nobu
Hell nah, nigga, can't serve you, I don't know you (Haha!)
Nigga talkin beef shit, m—more like tofu
DJ Magic Mike, got that base, I 'on' told you
Pump that bass
It go
Gangsta Grillz-illz!
Pump that bass
You know  gotta watch out for me, nigga
Track record's impeccableEmbed

