45 ContributorsKant Nobody Lyrics
Lovin' what you do, and doin' what you do
With the pure enjoyment of knowin' that you're the best at what you do (Okay)
Yo, couldn't nobody fuck with me then
And couldn't nobody fuck with me now, yo
Can't be serious, yo (What?)
Can't nobody, nobody, no-fuckin'-body (What, what, what?)
Fuck with me with this rap shit, yo (What, what?)
Check it, I've been spittin' for twenty years (What, what?)
(What, what, what, what? Ayo)
(What, what?)
Yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah, uh, uh (What, what?)
(What?)

Sometimes I smile to hide the miles of my road travelled (What? Uh)
Shake my hand, it felt like you just touched a stove handle (What, what?)
Holy cow, fuck the cow, I want the whole cattle (What? Uh)
Gucci buffs on my eyes, look like solar panels (What, what?)
Leavin' bitches on they own like the Oprah channel (What, what?)
Can't trust my shadow, that's a fact, I can't get overshadowed (What, uh, what?)
Draco' soundin' like it's coughin' from the smokin' barrel (What? Ayo)
No peace, no serenity, nigga (What, what?)
Break in your vicinity, nigga, like virginity, nigga (What? Ayo)
Ain't into these niggas, just family like the Genovese, nigga (What, what?)
The Kennedys, nigga, all street niggas ain't in the streets, nigga (Yeah)
You might also like
Best rapper, ex-trapper, dress dapper (What, what?)
Swizzy gave me a head-banger, a neck-snapper (What? Ayo)
X-factor, make a rapper an example (What, what?)
All I need is a beat with a DMX sample (Ayo)
(What, what, what?)
(All I need is a beat with a DMX sample)
(Ayo, what, what, what? Ayo) (All I need is—)
All—, all I need is a beat with a DMX sample

Say it with your chest, mama, say less, mama
Weezy F and the F is for F bomber
Yes, mama, I'ma eat you like Jeff Dahmer
Say she on her period, let's make a mess, mama
Don't be on all of that, yeah, that's my twin, shit, alright
Don't hit my phone with all that "I'm just tappin' in" shit, alright
Fuck that friend shit, alright, I'm on my zen shit, alright
I'm on that DMT, I ain't on that DM shit, alright
Tryna get a B, right now I'm on my M shit, alright
I'm just Weezy-We, on my "excuse my French" shit, alright
Fuck that bitch, shit, alright
Red beam on a Nina, she wore lipstick tonight
Bah, bah, bah, bah

Best rapper, ex-trapper, dress dapper (What, what?)
Swizzy gave me a head-banger, a neck-snapper (What? Uh)
X-factor, make a rapper an example (What, what?)
All I need is a beat with a DMX sample (Uh)
Swizzy on the drum machine, I got the gun machine (What, what?)
That bitch go "Brr," it sound like bumblebees (What, what?)
Gun come with a magazine, long as a limousine (What, uh, what?)
You smell that decomp in the mornin' like some Jimmy Deans, uh (What? Ayo)

Best rapper, ex-trapper, dress dapper (What, what?)
Swizzy gave me a head-banger, a neck-snapper (What? Ayo)
(All I need is a beat with a DMX sample) (Ayo)
All I need is a beat with a DMX sample (What? Ayo)

(Ayo)Embed

