43 ContributorsTurn On the Lights (Remix) Lyrics
I'm lookin' for her (Mike WiLL Made-It)
Astronaut (Tunechi!)
Ear Drummers
I'm lookin' for her, I'm lookin' for her (remix)

I'm lookin for her, yeah
Is that her in the VIP line? With the Vuitton and Yves Saint Laurent
Used to drive a Nissan now she drive a Beamer
I don’t want ‘er cause she from the corner
And I heard that Beamer was a loaner - her old man, the owner
And I don’t even drink Corona’s, what type of drink you want bruh
On champagne forever on dirty sprite forever
You can come sip with me if you’d like to change the weather
If you wanna live better, we can buy a crib wherever
Don’t get too thirsty, get used to the cheddar
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous
And if you see ‘er ‘fore I do tell ‘er I wish that I met ‘er
Turn on the lights, I’m lookin’ for ‘er too
I heard she keep her promises, and never turn on you
I heard she ain’t gon cheat and she gon never make no move
I heard she be there anytime you need ‘er, she come through
Turn on the lights

This pussy for you
I asked her is it true and she said like a horseshoe
She got that, got that name covered, that's a war wound
She lay me on my back and ride this dick like vroooom, then I...
See Future LiveGet tickets as low as $70You might also like
Turn on the lights! I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her, I'm lookin' for her
Turn on the lights! I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her, I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her...

Tell her I skate
And shawty down the earth, but bitch I need my space
And she gone ride this dick, I had a long day
She say cum anywhere you want, I give a Santa Claus face
We gon' turn up tonight, that pussy feel new
But we been fucking way before I went to Rikers Island
Now she got a man I think he gayer than a stylist
I wish we both were single like a couple dollars
And when we get together she be on that Miley Cyrus
So we eat each other up, like some Somalians
She know I got a girl but she keep this shit a thousand
Whenever we together she don't ever ask about us
She just be like "this pussy's for you"
I said come and eat this bone, and stop eating dog food
And she got that nigga's name covered like a war wound
And she lay me on my back and then she fuck me like boom, then I...

Turn on the lights! I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her, I'm lookin' for her
Turn on the lights! I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her, I'm lookin' for her
I'm lookin' for her...
Tell her I skate
I ain't go no worries, no Frank Ocean I'm straight
Tunechi, tell 'em I'm straight
Tunechi...
Tell her I been lookin' for her wit a flashlight
You can't tell her, tell her nothin' cause I got my cash right
Tell her if she honest she promise she stay true
Make sure, when you tell her, tell her we goin' past the moon
Turn on the lights...3Embed

