2 ContributorsSoldier Lyrics
Aye
(I want a soldier) Well, you got it, I'm the hottest around
They'll know it when they see you rollin' Impalas around
(I got a soldier) Wit' the top down, feelin' the sounds
Quakin' and vibratin', your thighs ridin' harder than guys
Wit' the chrome wheels at the bottom, white leather inside
When them lames be spittin' at you, tell 'em "don't even try it"
To shoot it with 'Chelle, and kick it with Kelly, or holla at B
Ya gotta be Gs, you way outta your league
Please!

We like them boys that be in them 'lacs leanin' (Leanin')
Opеn their mouth, their grill gleamin' (Glеamin')
Candy paint, keep that whip clean and (Clean and)
They always be talkin' that country slang we like
They keep that beat that be in the back beatin' (Beatin')
Eyes be so low from their chiefin' (Chiefin')
I love how he keep my body screamin' (Screamin')
A rude boy that's good to me, wit' street credibility

If his status ain't hood, I ain't checkin' for him
Better be street if he lookin' at me
I need a soldier that ain't scared to stand up for me
Known to carry big things, if you know what I mean
If his status ain't hood, I ain't checkin' for him
Better be street, if he lookin' at me
I need a soldier that ain't scared to stand up for me
Gotta know to get dough and he better be street
You might also like
Hey, see, Cash Money is a army
I'm walkin' with purple hearts on me
You talkin' to the sergeant
Body marked up like the subway in Harlem, call him
Weezy F., baby, please say that, baby
If you don't see me on the block, I ain't tryin' to hide
I blend in wit' the hood, I'm camouflaged
Bandanna tied, so mami, join my troop
Now every time she hear my name, she salute!

I know some soldiers in here (Where they at? Where they at?)
They wanna take care of me (Where they at?)
I know some soldiers in here (Where they at? Where they at?)
Don't mind takin' one for me (Where they at?)
I know some soldiers in here (Where they at? Where they at?)
They wanna spend that on me (Where they at?)
I know some soldiers in here (Where they at? Where they at?)
Wouldn't mind puttin' that on me (Where they at?)Embed

