5 Contributors​nasty (Remix) Lyrics
This bitch gon' make me...

You got me all up in my feels, in all kind of ways
I be tryna wait, but, lately, I just wanna keep it real (Real)
No more playin' safe, let's take it all the way
I'm just sayin'

I just wanna make time for ya (Yeah)
Swear it's just right for ya
Like this pussy designed for ya (Yeah)
Ten outta five on ya
Know I would sign on the line for ya (Yeah)
Bet I look nice on you (Yeah)
Open my mind for ya (Yeah)

Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get nasty (Yeah, yeah)
What you waitin' for? (What you waitin' for?)
What you waitin' for?
Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get nasty (Yeah, yeah)
What you waitin' for? (Waitin' for?)
What you waitin' for? (Waitin' for?)
Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get (Nasty)
Tonight, I wanna get (Nasty)
You might also like
Uh
She gon' get nasty, she gon' get nasty, she gon' get aggy
You say "Like it nasty", well bae let's get nasty
I'll pull your titties out like Janet Jackson
I play with that pussy like Carole Baskin's
I'll fuck up your makeup like Marilyn Manson
I'm nasty as fuck, if you nasty as fuck
Lets get nasty as fuck, and get nasty and fuck
And then after we fuck, left the pussy
Look fatter than Daffy the Duck's
Bum, bum, bum
Pussy tight like LA traffic, I'm stuck
Looking like I ate your panties for lunch
I treat your pearl just like it's a diamond
And what is a diamond that don't like it rough
She don't wan' wait on it, she wan' get straight on it
After I ate on it, she look so great on it
Back that ass up and put that license plate on it
She celebrate on it, then hibernate on it
I'ma just lay in it, I'll be all day in it
I be filleting it, I be sautéing it
Pussy taste good, I go gourmet in it
She put that pussy on me, and I'm winning
Lean in my styro, freaky and rowdy
Add a little sugar to sweeten the Molly
Like Pamela, Tommy, and Whitney and Bobby
It's Weezy and Ari, ooh
I just wanna make time for ya (Wanna make time)
Swear it's just right for ya (Swear it's just right)
Like this pussy designed for ya (Pussy designed)
Ten outta five on ya (Ten outta five)
Know I would sign on the line for ya (Sign on the line)
Bet I look nice on you (I bet you look nice)
Open my mind for ya (Open your mind)

Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get nasty (She wanna get nasty)
What you waitin' for? (What you waitin' for?)
What you waitin' for? (What you waitin' for?)
Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get nasty (She wanna get nasty)
What you waitin' for? (What you waitin' for?)
What you waitin' for? (What you waitin' for?)
Don't wanna wait on it
Tonight, I wanna get nasty

Ooh, she don't wanna wait on it
She just get straight on it after I ate on it
I let her skate on it, she look so great on it
Ooh, she don't wanna wait on it
She celebrate on it, then hibernate on it
She look so great on itEmbed

