15 ContributorsRock Star Lyrics
Rockstar, rockstar (Rock on)
Rockstar (Rock on), it's rock 'n' roll (Rock on)
I got ladies that love my ladies, haters that hate my haters
I'm a Chamillionaire, but got billionaires for my neighbors (Rock on!)

I been had the paper, I been had the stacks
The crowd screaming loud in every city on the map
Got the groupies going crazy, they don't know how to act
I bring them backstage and tell 'em, "Baby, just relax"

Rock on! They see the jewels is so sick, like flu spit and flu cough
Take it off and you lost, the tough talk get tuned off
Keep the four-iron near, keep on thinking that it's for golf (What)
Nickel plate on your head, silverware's food for thoughts
The Grammy winner—the haters is like, "How could this happen?" (How?)
On the red carpet so much, they mistake me for Aladdin (Wow)
How I'm a rapper with revenue like a rockstar?
If I'm near, you can believe the black card is not far
Teen spirit ain't what they smelling; they yelling, "Where that Nirvana?"
The crowd is rocking and rolling them Swishers full of marijuana (Huh)
They judging me like your honor, your daughter's here with her mama
They tell me that I'm a charmer, more freakier than Madonna (Woo)
Famous look right at me and said, “Know why I got my lighter up?" (Why?)
Just like the throwback P. Diddy alias (I'ma puff)
See how we rippin' up tickets that police be writin' us
Do like Michael Jackson's complexion, mister, and lighten up (Ha-ha!)
You might also like
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
I got them screaming loud as they can scream and coming out bras daily (Daily)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
She's saying she's in love with me, and she is probably your lady

Like a rock star (Lady), like a rock star (Lady)
Ladies love it when your living like a rock star (Baby)
Catch me getting into trouble (Baby) like it's my job (Baby)
Well, at least until the cops come—then I'ma (Rock on!)

I been had the paper, I been had the stacks
The crowd screaming loud in every city on the map (Chamili... tary!)
Got the groupies going crazy, they don't know how to act
(And now, Mr. Young Money himself, Lil Weezy! Baby!)
I bring them backstage and tell 'em, "Baby, just relax" (Hahahaha)

Rock and roll fly; bitch, behold I
I am the shit: Hear the commode cry
Hear the guitar scream; that double-R lean
And if it's for me, then, it's foreign, ha!
I mean my cars, I mean my clothes
I mean my hoes, I mean my flows
You try sniffin' 'round me, then I'ma clean your nose
Step into the line of fire: jalapeño toes
Compared to Bigfoot, you just twinkletoes
I get your girlfriend wet like wrinkled clothes
Rockstar like money, drugs, freaky hoes
World tours, walk-throughs and TV shows
My hair's out (Hey), no shirt (Hey)
I stage-dive (Rock, rock), I crowd-surf (Hey)
I'm a Hot Boy (Hey), I'm on my hot shit (Rock, rock)
Reporting to you live from the moshpit
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
I got them screaming loud as they can scream and coming out bras daily (Daily)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
She's saying she's in love with me, and she is probably your lady

Like a rockstar (Lady), like a rockstar (Lady)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar (Baby)
Catch me getting into trouble (Baby) like it's my job (Baby)
Well, at least until the cops come—then I'ma (Rock on!)

I'm so cool, I'm so smooth, I'm that dude, I'm so fly
Groupies telling me like a spy, the ground be telling me that I'm fly
The crowds see me and they cry just to get a glimpse of I
Got Mother Nature so jealous, she knockin' pigeons out the sky (Why?)
Can't help it, I got 'em rocking they pelvic—
Bones and losing clothes, the higher my album sales get
They love me—that's right, you nailed it; they treatin' me like I'm Elvis
Naked pictures she mailed, she licked on a stamp and melt it, ha
So save your rap for the rookies, 'cause it ain't no rappers here
A show you do in a club is a show we do in the amphitheater
We packing stadiums; ladies come in, I'll introduce you
It's too packed to maneuver, crowd look like Lollapalooza
We outshinin' the losers (Hey), know I ride with the Ruger (Hey)
You know I'ma produce a weapon upside your medulla (Hey)
Got no time to seduce a Superhead type of seducer
Groupies trying to snake me, but Koopa denying Medusas (Ha-ha!)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
I got them screaming loud as they can scream and coming out bras daily (Daily)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar
She's saying she's in love with me, and she is probably your lady

Like a rockstar (Lady), like a rockstar (Lady)
Ladies love it when you're living like a rockstar (Baby)
Catch me getting into trouble (Baby) like it's my job (Baby)
Well, at least until the cops come—then I'ma—

(Rock on) Rock, rock
(Rock on) Rock, rock
We gonna keep on rocking and rolling until the wheels fall off, know what I'm talking about?
Chamillitary, man! Young Money
We the new Red Hot Chili Peppers
We on fire, sold-out arenas
Tearing up tour-buses
You know how we get down
Rock on, hold up, hold up, hold up
Tryna get that Ozzy Osborne paper, man
I'mma throw a pool party
Me and the Playboy bunnies gonna be swimming in a pool of a paper like Scrooge McDuck
You're invited if you can swim
Ha, rock on2Embed

