18 ContributorsBelieve Dat Lyrics
Stunna it's yo' turn baby!
Ha, and me, the heartthrob
Yeah, I be with them different hoes
No I mean them different hoes
I mean them... believe dat
Uh huh, yeah, believe dat
I flip, tell 'em girl
Shine, believe dat

Got a bitch in the back, got a ho in the front
Got work in the back, got more in the front
It be the Birdman baby, everything kosher
Birdman baby; feathers all over
Tony Montana, white leather soft sofas
Got too many cars, so now I buy chauffers
All about my penny like a motherfuckin loafer
I was in the crack game befo' bakin soda
Bitch I'm a O.G., bitch I'm O.G
I'm gettin high off my money 'til I OD
See you don't know me, them bitches know me
My old hoes tellin me go back to gold teeth
King size bed, nigga gold sheets
Gold bottle for breakfast nigga let's eat
I got five, and they all sexy
They all drive new cars and they love me
You might also like
Yeah, cause I be with them different hoes
No I mean them different hoes
I mean them... believe dat
Uh huh... believe dat
Tell 'em girl... believe dat
What's your name? .. Believe dat
Where you from? .. Believe dat
I know what'cha sayin .. believe dat
Psych I'm just playin, but believe dat

Look fresh with the heavy metal you know I need that
Gucci stay fly on the stage, believe dat
We one of a kind, we do it 'til you see me black
Ice with the chrome and the silver how you love dat
Too fresh, too cool, too shiny, too fool
Too sunny, spend money, that's just what we do
Believe I'mma shine, believe I'mma grind
Believe me your girl at my house all the time
Believe I'm about to hustle, believe me I've got the muscle
Believe I'm the stunna man, you know I know the struggle
Come from the pot and pan, come from another land
Come with a better game, Baby I'm the Birdman

Yeah, cause I be with them different hoes
No I mean them different hoes
I mean them Weezy, believe dat
So you just gon' cut me off? Believe dat
What? .. You believe dat?
I know what'cha sayin .. believe dat
I feel you ... believe dat
Hey why you cryin? Believe dat
Yo you ain't lyin, believe dat
Yeah, yeah
I'm on these yacht and boats, pills and hydro
Broads and money homey that's what a nigga know
She know I shine cuz, you know I grind cuz
She know I'm high with the metal all the time cuz
And she believe me, and she all in me
We poppin bottles to a view of a ocean B
I'm all in see, I'm all good daddy
I'm the Birdman, you know I'm in the new Caddy
Believe me, she get money just like me
I stay strapped with the flame in my new fleet
A hundred million dollar suede with the leather seats
With the gator on the front with the platinum teeths

Yeah bitch!
Cause I be with them different hoes
No I mean them different hoes
I mean them Weezy, believe dat
So you just gon' cut me off? Believe dat
Girl what? .. Believe dat?
I understand .. believe dat
I really don't ... believe dat
My girl say, and I say believe dat
My girl say, and I say believe dat
Ya heard me? Yeah, believe dat one hundred
Let me tell you shorty
I want my shorty, give me that
I like them tall thin and short
Girl what? Believe dat, believe dat~! Believe dat
For real though, one hundred
Nigga believe dat1Embed

