7 ContributorsFlowerz Lyrics
Uh, we got flowers for the ladies and dick for them hoes
Petunias and daises, black and red rose
Two-tone Phantom, black and red rows
That dick make 'em rest in peace, I got a bunch of dead hoes
I got Eastside with me, nigga, we ain’t trippin'
And if a nigga fuck with us, then they gon' find you when they fishin'
Man, them hoes be on a mission, but girl, I ain’t the uno
Skinny ass jeans, pockets on sumo
Yeah, bitch, I know you see me
I’m so YM, just know I am
I ain’t perfect, Lord knows I sin
Two cup, boys, what you know about them?
What it do, girl? I’m serious
Tunechi, that’s my alias
And I go down under like Australia, ha

We got flowers for the ladies (Yeah) and dick for the hoes (Yeah)
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve (Yeah), I roll up my weed (Yeah)
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like, "Shawty, what your name is?" (Uh)
And who you came with? (Uh)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (Uh)
She say she on one, I’m on the same shit
Let’s take our clothes off and do whatever makes sense
You might also like
Look, I be in my zone, girl, I’m in my zone (Uh)
Man I go so tough, I go Sylvester Stallone
I got money in my pocket (Yeah), I’m a trendin' topic (Yeah)
You’re on the outside lookin' in, window shoppin'
Wait, hold up, stop the press (Uh), shawty, drop the dress (Yeah)
You know it ain’t trickin', if you got it, I’ll investment, man
Everybody ballin' (Uh), so ain’t nobody trippin' (Uh)
I hit her with that twist (Uh) and now I got her twistin'

Flowers for the ladies and dick for the hoes
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve, I roll up my weed
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like, "Shawty, what your name is?"
And who you came with? (Uh)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (Uh)
She say she on one (Yeah), I’m on the same shit (Uh)
Let’s take our clothes off and do whatever makes sense

Them'a think all these girls in the club look sexy (Yeah)
Black girls, Becky's (Haha)
Hopefully, I take ‘em all back to the crib
And have a couple of sips, then get naked (Yeah)
Skinny nigga, but I’m flexin' (Yeah)
I rock all these rings like wrestlin' (Yeah)
I pin her down, go a couple of rounds
And I break the springs when we sexin' (Ah, ah, ah)
Goin' down (Haha), I just want my cash (Ching)
Girl, your booty donkey, so I might act a ass (Yee-haw)
In a party, I'ma buy the whole bar out, so don’t give me no glass (Nuh-uh)
Girl, I'ma eat-eat your heart out and I might even lick your ass (Oh)
Twist, what you doin' with that bottle? You ain’t old enough to drink that yet (Nope)
Weezy told me to monitor this party, gon’ have fun, let them girls in this bitch (Ah, ah)
Yikes, eighteen and over, twap-twap, game over (Yeah)
Party hard, rock and roller (Yeah), in the jungle, guns and roses (Yeah)
Flowers for the ladies and dick for the hoes
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve, I roll up my weed
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like, "Shawty, what your name is?" (Haha)
And who you came with? (Woo!)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (Uh)
She say she on one (Woo!), I’m on the same shit (Me too)
Let’s take our clothes off (Ah) and do whatever makes sense (Yeah, haha)

Haha, yeah
Young Twist, baby
Haha, Lil' Tunechi, yeah
CB, Breezy, what's poppin'?
Young Mula, baby2Embed

