18 ContributorsBrand New (Remix) Lyrics(Drake)
This here is on some truthful shit
Its seems like everything I do your use to it
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with!
Thats when I gotta hide what I'm feeling inside
So you still think I'm confident and damned
Is this gonna last?
You're up on a pedestal
Are we moving too fast?
Feels Like I'm in crazy competition with the past
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new
(chorus)
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
(Aye Aye Aye)
(Drake verse 2)
This here is something personal
Highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you attempt to hide, and put mistakes aside
So I dont ever question you and damn
I can't even find, the perfect brush
So I can paint whats going through my mind
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?
See Drake LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like(chorus)
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new girl
(Aye Aye Aye)
(Lil Wayne)
This here on some remix shit
Seems like ever thing I do they leakin it
And I hate hearing stories of who im sleeping with
I swear I got to hide what I got in my ride
So she still think im confident and damn
How long will this last
My life is on the pedestal, am I moving to fast?
Feel like im in crazy competition with my past
That's why I gotta ask
Is anything im doing brand new
(chorus)
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
(aye,aye,aye)
(Lil Wayne)
Remix baby if he can do good then I can do better
Dont blame me if any man would if he knew better(um huh)and dont won't to here about him anymore
But I know you heared this song before..
(Drake)
Is anything I'm doing brand new(6x)
Is everything I'm doing too late(6x)
Did he take off your clothes off just like this
Did he give you loving just like this
Did you spend the night in his bed
On the very first date
Tell me baby am I too late?
(chorus w/Drake)
Is anything im doing brand new?
Brand new brand new
Show me if this is brand new, new
Ooh ohh yeah yeah yeah
(Lil Wayne)
And this is the remix baby weezy baby,drizzy, yung mula baby2Embed

