9 ContributorsI’m a Motherfuckin’ Menace Lyrics
Who?
Weezy baby, baby im crazy yeah
Makin a statement, feel these phrases, bitch
Hear these shots, get the fuck out of here
Low sea level nigga, get your diving gear, yeah
Okay we rocking like a mother fucking quarter in a crackhouse
Kitchen, when its finished I'mma pitch it
I'm a motherfucking chemist I'm a motherfucking menace
I'm a motherfucking dentist, knock your teeth out, fuck nigga
Quarterback, run and shoot, hood nigga shush nigga
The hamburger is tough nigga
You lunch nigga
You get the double deluxe nigga
Thank you very much
Turn a nigga head to mush
That uzi turn your body to a smoothie, slush
Them pussies ain't fucking with us
Them niggas just fucking it up
But I'm laid back, back of the club
Tuss in the cup, tuss in the blunt
Gun in the gut, stunt if you want
Play if you may, try if you like to fly
I put wings on you, and shoot you out the sky
Niggas scared of money, see the chrome outside
Do the homicide, we got the chromers out
Known to ride bonafide on the rise
That corner mine, Eagle street all the time
And bitch niggas don't apply
Naw player call yourself a tiremark
Make a nigga drive way up the sidewalk
Your people paint the concrete red
Blood bath, turn the grass to a water bed(Splash!)
Harder head make a soft-ass, my father said
Short life, faster money sound like honey(Sweet!)
I made it past twenty, I'm an old man
A dead man walking, kill me if you can
Damn, but you the president man
Well I guess I'm a dead president man
Yeah I'm just money, baby trust me
Bet on me, go with me
Man the chance is looking chubby
And we dancing on your grave when you dead boy
2-step, juke juke, I'm a made boy
I'm a made boy, no I'm a made man
I give 'em heead nods, I don't shake hands
Don't take it personal, its part of my position
I feel all police is pussies, baby send me my petition
Fuck 'em! (What you think?)
Yeah that's what I said, an double fuck the FED's
Now what's trouble to a troubled child?
Nothing. what's murder to a murderer?
A thing. get it? it ain't nothing but a thing
Everybody got to lose this, ain't nothing but the game
Yeah an this ain't nothing but them real verses
And if you listening to this, then you a a real person
I got kicked but I'm still lurking, still searching
Got a fetish for desert, squirt like the middle of a jelly doughnut
Off my back wit my pump make his belly gross up
I'm right handed, his right side swoll up
No homo, but my dick couldn't fill his hole up
Niggas hold up, tell them niggas wait
Man get off my dick, nigga just ask your bitch
Niggas hold up tell them bitches wait
The best rapper alive, yeah now what you say?You might also like2Embed

