56 ContributorsWe Takin’ Over (Remix) Lyrics
Yessir!
It's me
The rapper eater, haha!
Feed me! Feed me! Feed me!
No homo
Ahaha
Yeah!

One time for me, one time for the DJ
He be Khaled, I be Lil Weezy—
Baby, if you ask me, if you're nasty
Creative, gifted bastard, spit sporadic
I'm so diplomatic, democratic
Touch it, bring it, push it—systematic
Damn right, I kissed my daddy
I think they pissed at how rich my daddy is
And I'm his kid—I stunt with my daddy
Call Miss Lee, she with my daddy
So diss me and don't diss my daddy
'Cause who was there when no one wasn't? Just my daddy
Who was there when I needed money? Just my daddy
So who be there when I see the money? Just my daddy
Who said that I'd be the one? Just my daddy
Hello, hip-hop; I'm home—it's your daddy
When I say "deez," I don't mean the Caddy
I mean "deez nuts," Akons and Khaled
Rick Ross, Tip, Stunna and Fat Joe
And I ca-ca-can't forget Brisco
And yeah, I done squashed the bullshit with Zoe
It's a bakery here, just tryin' to get dough
Shout to my dreads, my Haitians and chicos
You looking for me, ho? I'm in the 3-0—
5, I'm the best rapper alive
Homeboy got a mind that a map wouldn't find
Homeboy got a nine that a cop wouldn't find
But I could get to it even if I was blind
Like a scary movie, they screaming when I rhyme
I'm a king—you can ask Stephen if I'm lying
I'm a Prince, too demanding like my mom
Too bold, too cold like wet salam—
Mi, me, it's all about me
If the girl got a voice, then she talk about me, me!
He say, she say, I say me
We'll be in the M-I-A-mi
With me, and T, and Big Ronnie
And the homie Streets prob'ly somewhere on the beach
And Tez and E prob'ly somewhere in the Jeep
And Marl' in the Phantom with Mr. G
And me! Me! It's all about me!
Play with me and it's all-out beef
Beef! Yes! Chest! Feet!
Tag! Bag! Blood! Sheets!
Yikes! Yeeks! Great Scott—
Storch, can I borrow your yacht?
Watch me and my clique go all-out
Like the ball in the stands, we balls out, ugh!
Boy, I don't know what y'all 'bout
But I just spit like a dog mouth
Pink ice, just looking like a hog mouth
Vroom! I had to bring the hog out
Light them trees, bring a log out
Every day Christmas, I'm eggnogged out
And hip-hop is my new-bought house
My flow just grew legs and walked out—byeYou might also like12Embed

