11 ContributorsMy Girl Lyrics
My Nigga Weezy F Baby
That Nigga Soldier
A.K.A. Loyalty
Listen

Listen to my darling ever so precious
My girl, my baby, Cashmoney Records
And As For The Record. The Relationship through
And we, we lasted longer than them asses expected
And, se we was strong when they neglected you
We held on when the others were seprate.And desprate
Na never did. Cus ya boy got leverage
Though his friends tellin him when he could do better than
But whatever them. Friends come questionin
Me and you stuck by eachother, never letem in
Thats veteran. Thats Evident
We gota lose them old niggas thats evidense
You my new and old testiment
And when them haters start pressin then them bitches start pressurin
Im'a represent. Yeah with every inch
I got to cus im the president
Some other ladies lost their main niggas
So rest in piece B.I.G. from cashmoney and wayne nigga
And I ain't tryin to lose my main girl
I say its Cashmoney mother fuckin records, Waynes world
I had conversations, with other top women
We talked about going steady but I wasent ready
I haven't got in it.I was not wit it
Because the pussy at home was my own
My thrown is ready, the seats warm
As soon as we get out the rain we se a storm
And you went throughout my veins in every arm. So even throughout the pain im very calm
These niggas talkin bout my bitch and how they fucked her
And how they hate her. And how they used to love her
And I almost left, I was weak. And we still move in unis every week
Im sorry
You might also like
Man, you know i'd never leave you. Till I kill myself in 9/4.Just cause my momma said I couldn't be with you
I love you

And now im feelin like pac, me and my girlfriend
Death to all you other bitch niggas, hope ya world end
No reunion, No records. Nigga fuck yall I wish I never met ya
And Birdman still my father, Slim still a godfather
And this is Cashmoney carter
We mash for the money nigga ain't nothin change
The only thing changed is the cribs and the banks. (Got Money)
The stakes, and the plates, and the dates
Nigga you dont know what I mean if you ain't got cake nigga
You broke, im straight nigga.Im good like great nigga
Im figure 8 nigga. 8 am im early, you late nigga
Im gone, you gotta wait nigga
Im hot, gimmie my shit. CMB baby I love my bitch

Yeah, that ain't fair, but I dont care
Ima mother fuckin cashmoney millionareEmbed

